0	Vomit is often a disgusting smell and so finding it coming from one's own dog would be an extremely unpleasant experience.	A
1	When someone cancels on you, it often disappoints you and disrupts your plans and hence it cannot be considered as a good thing , moreover a friend who does that is unreliable and not dependable.	A
2	Giving in to cravings and eating an entire ice cream sundae by oneself is not a good thing because it can lead to weight gain and a feeling of guilt.	A
3	Having less money than someone else does not make them feel good and so the person sarcastically stating that it doesn't bother them is really just trying to cover up the fact that they feel inferior and upset.	A
4	To encapsulate something means to enclose or surround it completely, while to convey something means to communicate or express it.	A
5	Telemarketers often call people's houses without their consent and so not being able to get a word in shows how much they disregard the person they are talking to.	A
6	Seeing someone peeking through your window in the middle of the night is a very frightening experience and so someone being pleased about it cannot be justified.	A
7	Someone gaining weight over a period of 4 years is not something to be pleased about but instead, ashamed of.	A
8	Most people would regret having a pet if their dog destroyed their favorite pair of shoes, so the person more likely thinks it was a bad idea to get a dog.	A
9	Most people would be upset to see their lunch being eaten by someone else, especially if it is coworkers, as it shows a lack of trust and respect.	A
10	Failure is not an achievement and finding out that you have failed at something is not a feeling that would make someone feel intelligent but rather bad and stupid.	A
11	To twist the knife means to make a bad situation worse, but in this context amber is trying to make the situation better	A
12	Smoke and mirrors means deception and misinformation, but in this context there is truth and transparency instead.	A
13	The young man at the cafe most likely watching the speaker angrily with intention to harm them, and so seeing him holding a gun is not an affectionate or loving act but instead quite scary.	A
14	The word bowed typically connotes submission while stiff connotes resistance.	A
15	The feeling of having to pay a late fee on something is not a good one and so someone being excited about it cannot be real.	A
16	It is not good when someone quits their job without giving back the money they owe to someone else and so this sentence is sarcastic because the speaker is not delighted about the situation.	A
17	Stealing anything, regardless of how small it is, is not a sign of wealth or privilege and so the person who did it is not rich.	A
18	To steal away something means to take it away, while reestablishing something means to provide it again.	A
19	To go out of business means to cease operating as a commercial business, but in this sentence the demand for the product would actually make the suppliers more successful.	A
20	The sight of fruit flies near garbage is not a heavenly one as they are often associated with dirt and rot and can make people feel nauseous and sick.	A
21	A phonograph is an outdated technology, and thus law enforcement becoming like it would imply that it, too, is outdated	A
22	To be full of beans means to be lively and energetic, but in this sentence she is passive and low-energy	A
23	Playing video games is a waste of time because it does not involve any productive task and in contrast, cleaning the house is a chore that needs to be done and so one should not feel proud.	A
24	A ticket for parking on one's own property is unjustified and not a good thing to receive and so being pleasantly surprised by it is not possible.	A
25	It is natural for someone to feel envious when they see someone else with a much better job that pays a lot more than their own, especially a big amount like 150K.	A
26	To slip into something means to enter it quietly or easily, while to rise up from rags to riches suggests a much more difficult and arduous journey.	A
27	: Someone who is admired for their great vision is likely to be kind and good to people, so finding out that they are actually mean shows a lack of judgement on the part of the person who made the discovery.	A
28	A virus is known to spread quickly and be ambitious in its goal to infect as many hosts as possible, whereas if something is sweeping through the streets slowly, it is not ambitious	A
29	Being the worst dancer in the world is not something to be proud of and so someone who says that it is their honor to do so is being sarcastic.	A
30	The desert is a very dry place, so saying the cake was as moist as the desert means that it was not moist at all	A
31	Being late and sweaty for a first date are not good impressions to make and so the date cannot be considered amazing by any means.	A
32	Calling into work and telling them you're sick when you're not is considered to be lying and irresponsible since it causes inconvenience to the workplace and isnt something a reliable employee would do.	A
33	Most people would not be pleased to find their cat had pooped on the bed because it is a sign of disrespect and would make the person have to clean it up.	A
34	A lot of people don't have food to eat owing to the lack of money and in contrast, someone spending an amount of money as huge as 2000$ on something trivial like a bag displays privilege which should cause them to feel guilty instead of awesome.	A
35	People with social anxiety often want to have friends and are deprived of them, so not having any friends cannot be considered a good thing.	A
36	A swamp cat is a wild cat that is typically soft and cautious, not hard and reckless	A
37	A promotion at work is usually seen as a matter of self accomplishment, so someone being happy about their co-worker getting it instead of themselves is not logical.	A
38	To take it on the chin means to receive the full brunt of something, but in this context the speaker is suggesting to ignore the situation.	A
39	After he releases his rage, he is no longer calm and docile like a lamb, but instead is fierce and aggressive like a wolf.	A
40	Cars are often considered to be a status symbol and so someone who cannot afford one would feel jealous of their neighbors who can.	A
41	A mother is someone who is supposed to be supportive and understanding when their children face difficult times and so feeling proud when one's child hides their exam failure is unrealistic.	A
42	It is normal to feel jealous when someone gets something that we want, so someone pretending to be happy for the other person and not feeling any jealousy is not believable.	A
43	Breaking someone's picture display cannot make someone feel pleased but rather guilty and clumsy because they destroyed someone's special belongings.	A
44	Bad weather is not a nice thing because it can make people feel sad and down, and so it cannot be considered as a good thing that makes people feel lousy	A
45	It is not a good feeling to have to go to work in clothes that are stained and wrinkled because it makes one look unprofessional and like they don't care.	A
46	To plant something means to put it in the ground so that it can grow, while to uproot something means to pull something of the ground.	A
47	If someone's boyfriend took their debit card without them knowing, it would not be a good thing because it could lead to them overspending or even stealing money and hence the girlfriend would not be excited about it	A
48	The idiom means that if too many people are trying to do something, it will make the final product worse, but in this context it would make the final product better.	A
49	The idiom no two ways about it means that there is no other way to interpret it, but this context states that there are definitely other ways to interpret it	A
50	The girlfriend kissing another guy at the party is not something to be happy about and is instead a cause for jealousy and anger.	A
51	To sparkle means to shine brightly, while to be dim means to be not very bright.	A
52	To babble means to speak rapidly and incoherently, while to avoid something means to stay away from it or keep it at a distance.	A
53	Cheating on a diet and breaking a commitment made to oneself goes against everything that is healthy and good, so feeling proud about it is definitely not justified.	A
54	Meeting your boyfriends parents for the first time can be a nerve-wracking experience, so not feeling any nervousness about it would be strange.	A
55	To run a mile means to avoid something in any way possible, but the context describes trying really hard to go through with it.	A
56	Rubber melts in high temperatures, so the simile is saying that the clothes were very hot	A
57	It is not a pleasure to have one's regional boss visit because the person is likely to feel anxious and nervous around them owing to their position of power.	A
58	Being ignored on Tinder by matches who suddenly stop talking can be really frustrating and disappointing and hence it is not something to feel attractive about.	A
59	Getting robbed at gunpoint is a traumatic experience and not something to be happy about.	A
60	To inject new life into something means to make it more exciting or vibrant, while not doing anything new could be unenjoyable.	A
61	To throw in the towel means to give up, quit or abandon something, but in this context the person is wasn't ready to persevere or continue trying but rather was trying to give up.	A
62	The pen is often seen as mightier than the sword because it is thought to be able to influence and change people's minds, while the pen is insignificant mean it is an useless thing.	A
63	To let your hair down means to relax and enjoy yourself, but in this context the speaker wants the woman to worry about being dignified	A
64	Realizing that you called your girlfriend by your ex-girlfriend's name is definitely not a good thing and so being thrilled about it cannot be justified.	A
65	When a friend cancels on someone last minute, it is often disappointing and inconvenient and hence cannot be classified as an ecstatic feeling.	A
66	The peace and quiet of a house is usually disturbed by the sound of kids coming back from school or playing outside and hence the addition of that sound does not really make things any better.	A
67	The person cutting in front of someone else in line is often considered to be rude and so someone having an overjoyed reaction to that is quite contradictory.	A
68	The problems of overpopulation and unemployment are not things to be happy about because they could lead to a lot of trouble in the future.	A
69	Cancelling a trip because everyone got sick is not something to be happy about and so the feeling described is actually quite terrible.	A
70	The taste of agony would be something that is intense and overwhelming, while saying it is minimal suggest that it is not as strong or potent.	A
71	To tempt fate means to do something that is dangerous or likely to have a negative outcome, and in this context the speaker saying is its best to push their luck by inviting the person in to eat. which contradicts the meaning of tempting one's fate	A
72	It is unlikely that someone would be thrilled when a friend gets something good while they do not and instead, this implies that the person is jealous.	A
73	A new car is often seen as a status symbol and so someone who has had the same car for a long time while their best friend has a new one, would not be thrilled but would feel envy and resentment.	A
74	A good friend would never abandon their friend at a bar, so someone who does that is not a good friend and should not feel proud of themselves.	A
75	Departing typically means to leave or go away, while arriving typically means to come or get to a place.	A
76	Most people would not be happy upon hearing that their friend is moving away and leaving them behind and especially when its a city of possibilities like New York	A
77	A husband getting drunk and breaking his promise to his wife is not a responsible thing to do and hence the husband does not feel responsible but rather guilty.	A
78	Wasps are often feared because of their sting and so running away from them would not be a pleased moment but a terrified one.	A
79	An angel is a being of divine nature, and they are often portrayed as benevolent and good	A
80	Prowling animals are usually wild and not domesticated, so they are not usually perceived as looking modern and civilized	A
81	Not being able to keep up with housework is a negative thing as it means the house is not clean and tidy and hence the person does not feel excellent about it.	A
82	To take liberties with someone means to act disrespectfully or inappropriately, but the context describes the opposite behavior	A
83	Homelessness is often considered to be a very difficult situation to be in and so thinking that one might become homeless would not be a pleasant moment by any means.	A
84	Most people would not find it joyful to see their neighbor's dog poop on their lawn and instead would be angry and frustrated.	A
85	To whoop it up means to celebrate, especially with cheers and whoops, but in this context the speaker is wondering if the person will keep calm instead	A
86	Forgetting to pay a credit card bill is not a great thing because it leads to late fees and penalties which makes the individual disappointed.	A
87	Breaking someone's picture display cannot make someone feel great or organized but rather guilty and clumsy because they destroyed someone's special belongings.	A
88	Accidentally breaking something that is valuable to someone shows carelessness and stupidity and hence the person who broke it should not feel proud about it.	A
89	A polluted body of water is murky and not clear, so the sky turning like one would imply it is murky and not clear	A
90	To dance means to move nimbly or gracefully, while to stop means to come to an end or a halt.	A
91	Most people would not enjoy playing golf in the rain and hail as it would make them very wet and cold and would not be able to concentrate on the game	A
92	To run roughshod over something means to act without regard for it, but in this context instead of not acting without regard for the speakers wellbeing, the feds are actually not acting with full regard	A
93	Having to do the work of a lazy co-worker makes someone's job harder than it already is and hence is not something to be admired.	A
94	To cross check means to verify figures or information by using an alternative source or method, but in this sentence they are using the same source or method	A
95	Cigarette butts are often unsightly and produce an unpleasant smell, so finding them littered around someone's apartment building is not cool or beautiful by any means.	A
96	The thick coating of agony would be something that is intense and overwhelming, while saying it is very less suggests that it is not as strong or potent.	A
97	Puking in addition to trying to clean up dog vomit is a very unpleasant experience and so being excited about it is quite ironic.	A
98	An oath of homage is a solemn pledge of allegiance, while to have long gone the allegiance means that it is no longer relevant or important, or the people who took the oaths are not very sincere anymore.	A
99	Forgetting one's wife's birthday is a really bad thing to do and so who feeling great about it cannot be considered normal.	A
100	Other departments could not be absorbed means it was not possible to bring them under the central office whereas the other statement says the organizations were initially independent.	A
101	Realizing that you have brought a present for the wrong baby gender at a baby shower is not a genius moment, but instead an embarrassing one.	A
102	Finding a long grey hair in one's food is not a good thing and hence it is not plausible to feel like a child of Christmas upon discovering it.	A
103	He made an answer means he gave an answer, while being quite would suggest that one did not give any answer.	A
104	A headmaster is someone who is in charge and authoritative, so their voice would not be soft and gentle	A
105	one sentence expresses disbelief in someone's story whereas another sentence doubts the disbelief.	A
106	A state being ranked last in education is not something to be happy and proud of because it means that the state is doing very poorly in comparison to other states.	A
108	A good Samaritan is a person who selflessly helps others, but in this context Jesus is saying that a neighbor is someone selfish who doesn't help others	A
109	A country is supposed to be a place of progress and not one which falls apart and becomes a society of ignorance, so being patriotic of that is not justified.	A
110	Most people would feel jealous upon seeing someone else get better results than them despite not working as hard, so someone who claims not to be jealous is actually being ironic.	A
111	Speeding tickets are costly and getting caught going too fast implies that the driver was not following traffic rules which makes them an irresponsible driver.	A
112	A night ending abruptly is not a good thing because it means that either the two people involved did not have a good time or something bad happened and hence the person should not feel swell about it.	A
113	If everyone is like a snowman, they would be worried when the first spring sun comes out because it would start to melt them	A
114	To cut the crap means to get to the point and state the real situation, but in this sentence the fishing companion chose to continue beating around the bush.	A
115	The word destroy in another sentences is used to mean something that is negative and irreversible, e.g., the child's character, while forming typically connotes something that is positive and constructive.	A
116	Being shorter than others often has disadvantages such as not being able to reach things on high shelves, so someone who is ecstatic about it is not being realistic.	A
117	To fly on a full stomach means to have just recently eaten to the point of being full, but the person is flying without having eaten anything.	A
118	To serve as a guide means to lead or direct someone, while to be punished by one's own wishes would suggest that those wishes led to negative consequences.	A
119	A spring pansy is a flower with purple petals and a yellow center, not green	A
120	cast out typically connotes something that is slowly and painfully removed or exiled which is opposite of the use of absorbed here that shows something that is quickly and easily taken in or assimilated.	A
121	A neighbor having a loud party can be disruptive and keep someone from getting much-needed sleep, so being pleased about it is unrealistic.	A
122	The interest rates for car loans are currently quite high and so someone who is elated about it is not rational because they are celebrating something that is unfavorable.	A
123	To be slow but sure means to be gradual but yielding steady dependable progress, but in this context the reminder was fast and fleeting	A
124	Receive a high level travel alert for a region means that there is a potential danger in traveling to that place and so the excitement mentioned cannot be justified.	A
125	Most people would not be thrilled about the prospect of crime rates increasing because that could lead to them being a victim of crime and hence their safety being jeopardized.	A
126	Most people would think that it is not okay to have to tell their child multiple times to clean their room and still not see any results.	A
127	It would not be a happy moment to see your best friend with your ex considering the history between the two of you and the fact that they are now dating each other.	A
128	To meet your maker means to die, but this context is about enjoying living	A
129	No one wants their child to be bullied and hence it is ironic that the person is pleased about it.	A
130	The beauty of Tahiti is often mentioned and therefore it is likely to make someone envious if their best friend gets to go there and they don't.	A
131	People loudly breathing while they eat a sandwich can be considered to be quite annoying and so someone who loves that sound is not something normal.	A
132	A well is a hole in the ground that is used to hold water, so it is empty, not full	A
133	Finding hair in the shower drain is a very common occurrence and often grosses people out, so someone who doesn't feel disgusted by it is abnormal.	A
134	A dodo is a extinct bird that is notorious for its lack of flying ability, so to say something flies like a dodo would be to say it doesn't fly well	A
135	Losing valuable items in a fire would be really upsetting and not something to feel overjoyed about.	A
136	The sound of a knock at night usually means that there is an emergency or something dangerous and so someone feeling loved and appreciated from it is not realistic.	A
137	A marriage of convenience is a marriage that happens primarily for practical purposes, but this context describes a marriage full of love and emotion.	A
138	Here, one statement suggests that there was a lot of disagreement during the meeting whereas the other suggests it was a peaceful event.	A
139	To put up with someone or something means to endure or abide by it, but this context describes rejecting it instead.	A
140	A slap and tickle refers to physical amorous play, but the contradiction is saying that the man is looking for verbal amorous play instead	A
141	To whoop it up means to celebrate, especially with cheers and whoops, but the context describes the others not celebrating at all	A
142	Getting a coworker in trouble is not a good thing and can lead to conflict between the two people and hence feeling terrific about it would be wrong.	A
143	If someone's boyfriend took their debit card without them knowing, it would more likely lead to feelings of anger or betrayal rather than happiness and overjoy.	A
144	The cancellation of the board meeting means that the person who was looking forward to it will not be able to participate in it and so their time was wasted which is not a good thing.	A
145	To go it alone means to do something without others' help, but the sentence describes waiting for others to join before proceeding.	A
146	To put someone to the trial means to test them or put them in a difficult situation, while the trial being over would suggest that the person has passed the test or the situation is no longer difficult.	A
147	It would not be a happy moment to see your best friend with your ex considering the history between the two of you and the fact that they are now dating each other.	A
148	To be bang to rights means to have irrefutable proof of wrongdoing, but in this sentence the person manages to come up with a defense	A
149	A locomotive is a large, noisy machine	A
150	Dinner is usually a time when people want to be left alone and hence getting a call from a salesman is really disruptive.	A
151	Most people would be devastated if their package arrived ruined and so to say that seeing it like that was loved is sarcastic.	A
152	A wedding march is a happy occasion, while a funeral is a sad occasion, so the two would not sound natural together	A
153	Most people do not like moldy food because it is often a sign of the food being old and rotten and hence not safe to eat.	A
154	It would be a relief if the girls at school liked the speaker, but the fact that they don't should make them feel terrible.	A
155	Juggling means to manage multiple tasks or responsibilities at the same time, while having plenty of time would suggest that there is no need to manage or balance anything.	A
156	Bread that is molded is no longer fresh and edible and so it would be unreasonable for someone to love it or be happy about getting it from the store but they would rather feel grossed out.	A
157	The constant barking of a dog can be really irritating and it is not peaceful at all.	A
158	A last hurrah is a final act of achievement or effort, but this context describes a first attempt	A
159	Dogs are often known to dig holes in the ground and so the fact that the dog is doing it in the spot where a sod was just planted implies that he is destroying it and not well behaved.	A
160	Unfinished nightmares are still terryfying, not calm or straightforward	A
161	Finding hair in the shower drain is a very common occurrence and often grosses people out, so someone who doesn't feel disgusted by it is abnormal.	A
162	Losing an important document at work shows a lack of responsibility and carelessness and so reporting it to the boss will only lead to the person being scolded and not happy in any way.	A
163	Meeting someone from Tinder and discovering that they look nothing like their pictures can be a very disheartening experience and so it is not reassuring at all.	A
164	To go all the way means to continue on a course to the end, but in this sentence they did not go very far	A
165	Eating a box of donuts goes against the goal of dieting and so someone who does it despite saying they won't, is not following through with their commitments and shouldn't feel proud	A
166	The speaker is envious of their friend who gets to go to Tahiti, a beautiful place, while they are stuck in a not-so-nice place.	A
167	The news that someone needs heart surgery is usually not a cause for celebration but instead a cause for worry and so the person's reaction of happiness upon hearing it is sarcastic.	A
168	An old book would have an musty smell, whereas something that is fresh would not have that smell	A
169	Most people would not be proud of their mothers for yelling at a cashier because it is an inappropriate and unprofessional thing to do.	A
170	Most people care a great deal when their fiance breaks off an engagement, so someone who claims to be pleased about it is being sarcastic.	A
171	People with social anxiety often feel overwhelmed in social situations and so making a mistake while paying the cashier cannot be seen as something to be happy of.	A
172	Cheating on a diet by eating unhealthy food from Burger King would not be good for someone's health and so they would not feel overjoyed after doing that.	A
173	Most people would not like to feel sick and not be able to enjoy their birthday and so someone saying that they like it is being sarcastic	A
174	Seeing people spending a lot of money on clothes while one cannot afford to buy anything displays feelings of inadequacy and envy.	A
175	Giving in to hunger pangs is not a thoughtful thing to do as it implies that the person was too lazy to cook for themselves and decided to eat someone else's food without their permission.	A
176	The phrase cannot digest means something that is unpleasant to digest or difficult to process, while enjoy means to take pleasure in something.	A
177	A man running through someone's neighborhood sans clothes is often considered to be indecent and is not something that would be considered charming.	A
178	Damage to a friend's car is not something to be happy about and so the situation where a person is ecstatic about it is not rational or sensible.	A
179	To have your heart sing when someone walks in the room means that you are happy to see them and they make you feel good, while to feel like your heart contest every time when you see them walk in the room would suggest that you are anxious or nervous around them.	A
180	The phrase external consultants means people who are not employed by the compan, where as the internal consultants means people who are employed by the company.	A
181	To steal the show means to be the star and the most captivating performer, but this context describes being the worst and most boring performer	A
182	A strong flame is usually associated with being blazing, or at least compassionate	A
183	Receiving a lot of work from one's boss cannot make someone delighted it means that the person will be very busy and stressed.	A
184	Being told that your work is not up to the company's standards would usually be discouraging because it means you are not meeting the expectations and are not doing a good job	A
185	Sleeping at one's desk is often frowned upon because it signifies that the person is not working hard enough and is not taking their job seriously and hence doesn't warrant feeling overjoyed	A
186	An endless road has no end, so it is not temporary	A
187	To boot someone means to remove them from a position or to eject them, while to promote someone means to give them a higher position.	A
188	Fear and anxiety are not feelings that anyone would want to feel and so being excited about the potential of being shot near one's house is definitely not warranted.	A
189	The idiom better late than never means that the delayed occurrence or achievement of something is better than it not happening at all, but in this sentence, Danny says it would have been much better if it never happened.	A
190	To be silent as the grave is to be totally silent, but this context describes the hall as being full of noise	A
191	Student loans are a common thing nowadays and so not having to deal with them implies privilege which should invoke envy instead of indifference.	A
192	Pale frail Zombies are often associated with being sick, or having a pale complexion, so saying people have become like zombies would imply they are not healthy	A
193	Cancelling a vacation because of work shows that the husband's boss is not very understanding or considerate and hence is not a kind person.	A
194	Most people would not want someone to follow them around and so the brother following around constantly is not wonderful but rather annoying.	A
195	My personal feelings sway my judgment in this case would suggest that the person's emotions are influencing their decision making, while my personal views and emotions did not rendered me blind to my judgment in this case would suggest that the person is able to remain objective despite their personal views and emotions.	A
196	The noises that come from the woods outside someone's home are often unsettling and not soothing at all, so attributing perfect sleep to them is sarcastic.	A
197	A keto pizza is a pizza that is low in carbs and hence it taste really bad and not like a masterpiece at all.	A
198	To run the gamut means to cover or extend across a wide and varied range, but in this context she has not experienced any of the emotions in the range	A
199	The person being racist is not being generous or kind in any way and hence their actions should not be congratulated.	A
200	Having to work all the time and never getting a break cannot be seen as a good thing because it means that someone is overworked and stressed.	A
201	To be in a nutshell means to be summarized in a few words, but the speaker in context is describing their mother in a lot of words.	A
202	To be a big baby is to be prone to immature behavior, but in this sentence the speaker is warning that they will be calm and level-headed.	A
203	To be full of the joys of spring means to be very happy and cheerful, but this sentence describes the person as being sad and dreary	A
204	A ballet dancer is light on their feet and moves gracefully, whereas someone who lumbers is heavy and moves awkwardly	A
205	The idiom at the end of the day means when everything else has been taken into consideration, but this sentence describes a situation where she didn't consider anything else	A
206	To have a gift usually refers to having a talent or ability, but in this context the speaker doesn't have a talent for attracting weirdos.	A
207	A rare stone in a museum is carefully guarded and not easily accessible	A
208	Being interrupted by someone when you are trying to have a conversation can be really frustrating and annoying.	A
210	The metaphorical use drowning her trouble in alcohol suggests that she is using alcohol as a way to cope with or forget her problems whereas the contradictory sentence suggests that she has been abstaining from alcohol.	A
211	To make good time means to pass through quickly, but in this context the light traffic enabled mason to pass through slowly	A
212	If truth is exalted, it means it is held in high esteem or considered to be important, while if truth is denied, it means it is rejected or not believed.	A
213	No one would feel good about seeing their ex wife kissing someone else	A
214	The interest rates for car loans are currently quite high and so someone who is super excited about it is not rational because they are celebrating something that is unfavorable.	A
215	A predatory jungle cat is a sleek and graceful animal that moves with purpose, so saying someone moves like one would imply their movements are also sleek and graceful and not jerky and sloppy	A
216	To run the gauntlet means to go through danger or other difficulties,but here speaker didn't have to go through any challenges but is rather speaking about being exposed to a safe life	A
217	A balloon is round, so saying someone is as thin as a balloon would be highlighting how fat they actually are	A
218	A queen holding court would be very regal and commanding, whereas someone with their head down would be more submissive	A
219	No sweat means not a problem or difficulty, but in this context it is a big problem for her to orders while bobbing her skull.	A
220	Crashing a motorcycle into a car is not being a careful person and is instead an act of recklessness which caused damage to both vehicles.	A
221	Someone with terrible teeth would not feel excellent about having to hide their smile and instead, it would be a cause of embarrassment and self-consciousness.	A
222	To go so far as to do something means to do something extreme, but breaking into someone's home is not an extreme act	A
223	Cheating on a spouse goes against the marriage vows which are supposed to be kept and therefore the person is not being faithful by doing so	A
224	A rotten log is decaying, forming cavities inside, and not full	A
225	Most people would not be happy when they find out that their car has been filled with used diapers as it is a sign of vandalism and destruction.	A
226	A shrinking violet is a very shy person, so the context is saying that she was extremely shy and withdrawn.	A
227	A flickering candle flame is weak since it can be extinguished easily, so saying something is like a candle flame means it is not strong	A
228	Not just a pretty face means to have other great qualities beyond what was assumed, but the wink in this context is a way of saying that he doesn't have any other great qualities	A
229	Charcoal is a black material, not a white one	A
230	To search high and low means to look intently for something in many different places, but the future historian is not looking at all in this context, thus it is a contradiction.	A
231	Losing a credit card is never a good thing and someone using it without your permission and charging $100 on it is even worse.	A
232	Dropping or losing a phone is usually a very traumatic experience for most people because it means they have to spend more money to repair it or get a new one and hence can make them feel upset or like they have had the worst day ever.	A
233	Experiencing back pain is never a good thing and so someone who says that they are starting to enjoy it is being sarcastic.	A
234	A two-way street is a situation where both parties are required to take action, but the contradiction describes a situation where only one party is required to take action	A
235	People usually aspire to live in rich neighborhoods because it implies a certain level of success, however being aware that one will never be able to afford it could make someone feel sad or down and not at all proud about their current financial situation	A
236	To be off and running means to have begun and progressing well, but this context describes the opposite where it's not progressing and expecting a pause.	A
237	The paper boy breaking the window is not a fantastic thing because it caused damage and would cost money to fix.	A
238	To have bugger all to do with something means to have absolutely nothing to do with it, but in this sentence it has everything to do with nationality.	A
239	Most people would see it as a bad thing if someone they thought was a friend took their money without asking because it is essentially stealing and not being a good friend.	A
240	To dabble in odds and ends means to deal in small miscellaneous items, but the context describes Lance dealing in significant and valuable items	A
241	A kitten in a den of coyotes would be scared and not calm	A
242	Tripping while walking into a restaurant is not a good thing because it makes the person look clumsy and incapable in front of others.	A
243	The suit is a valuable item and so getting coffee spilled on it would cause one to feel upset and not joyous.	A
244	Having one's seat given away usually causes inconvenience and would not lead to someone being delighted but instead angry or frustrated.	A
245	Following a slow driver is not the best way to get to work on time and so it is understandable to be in a bad mood after that.	A
246	Both statements are contradictory because the one statement implies that his declaration made the community excited whereas the second means the exact opposite, i.e., putting out the excitement.	A
247	A sermon is not an exciting event, so it would not be as thrilling as something that is exciting	A
248	Losing the chance to buy a property one was interested in because someone else put in an offer before them would not make anyone thrilled but rather disappointed.	A
249	Most people are not excited to receive calls informing them that they have not been selected for a job and instead feel disappointed or sad.	A
250	A killer bee is a bee that is very aggressive and will not back down easily, similar to how the man in the simile is persistent.	A
251	To be a plus means to have a positive effect, which in this sentence is that it will improve the situation.	A
252	When a dog pukes after eating it is often because they are not used to the food and their stomach can't handle it	A
253	To make money hand over fist means to make a lot of profit at a very fast pace, which is what the context describes.	A
254	The flu is an unpredictable and often unavoidable illness that can often result in people having to miss out on events that they were looking forward to	A
255	Being anxious about a job interview usually means that the person is not confident about their answers to the questions that will be asked and is worried about not impressing the interviewer	A
256	A stained glass window is not transparent, so you cannot see through it clearly.	A
257	To have a way with people means to have a special and effective way of dealing with them, which he doesn't have.	A
258	A wedding cake is usually tall and thin, so the simile is emphasizing how thin and tall the heels are.	A
259	To know no bounds means to be without limit or restriction, and in this context the speaker's passion is without limit.	A
260	The idiom "that makes two of us" means "the same is true for me". So in this context, the speaker is saying that they feel the same way.	A
261	Delicate fragrance means a light scent that is not overwhelming.	A
262	It is often seen as a sign of disrespect if someone does not have the time to show their family around when they come visit, especially if they traveled a long distance	A
263	An old man on a park bench, feeding pigeons on a warm summer afternoon remains calm and unperturned and enjoy the surroundings, even if there are demons close in around.	A
264	The term "mountain of laundry" is often used to describe a large amount of laundry that someone has been procrastinating on for a long period of time	A
265	A sloth is a slow-moving animal, so the person is always too slow, just like a sloth.	A
266	To tie the knot means to get married, which is what they are about to do.	A
267	A rock is dull, so the person is saying that the other person is not sharp, or not intelligent.	A
268	To plant the idea in someone's mind means to suggest the idea to them.	A
269	Headlights glare when they are too bright, like when a car is coming towards you with its headlights on.	A
270	To be at loggerheads is to be in conflict with someone, and in this sentence the men are in conflict with each other over political issues.	A
271	It's unfair that one person gets to have more freedom than the other and in this case, the sister gets to stay out later even though the curfew for both should be the same	A
272	20 dollars is a lot of money to spend on a small piece of cake, especially if it turns out to be dry and not very good	A
273	A hot iron is used to sharpen pleats in skirts in a crisp manner, so the simile here implies that  her words cuts through the fabric crisply.	A
274	A rolex watch is often very expensive and the owner usually bears pride to the fact and shows it off often	A
275	A wind chime is a decorative object that click against each other makes a tinkling sound when the wind blows and hence the rosary beads clicking against each other is compared to a wind chme.	A
276	To be in a fog means to be not fully aware or alert, and in this context the person is in a daze and not fully aware of their surroundings.	A
277	Slugs are slimy creatures that are not known for their work ethic.	A
278	An exclamation point is thin and vertical, so the simile is emphasizing how thin and lanky the person is.	A
279	To be all ears means to be ready and eager to hear what one has to say, which is what Anastasia is saying in the sentence.	A
280	A starless night is black, meaning there is no light.	A
281	The Senator was critical of the administration in his speech on Friday, thus, this means he was negative and gave reasons why he thought they were doing a bad job.	A
282	Its common courtesy to clean up after oneself, especially when working in someone else's home, so its understandable to be driven insane by contractors who are not doing so	A
283	To have wheels within wheels means to have something that is very complex, and this context is saying that when making political agreements there is always complexity.	A
284	The ayes have it means that the majority has voted in favor.	A
285	To step up to the plate means to take action in response to an opportunity or crisis, which is what life is asking the person to do.	A
286	When somebody's dog tears up something like a new living room couch it is often seen as a personal attack since the dog knows that they are not supposed to be doing that and it can often lead to the owner being very mad	A
287	A caged tiger paces back and forth because it is restless and wants to escape.	A
288	Fear can block someone's mind, making it difficult for them to think clearly.	A
289	The word suggested in this case, means a reminder.	A
290	Gripped with illness is used here to mean that something happend suddenly and violently, here, in this case, the man was hit with an illness that killed him quickly.	A
291	A jungle cat is a stealthy, dangerous predator, so the person's stride being like a jungle cat means that it is sure and unhurried, as opposed to clumsy or hurried.	A
292	The word bombed is used here to mean that the storm caused a great deal of damage to the town and its inhabitants.	A
293	The a/c is important to have in hot weather to avoid heat stroke and other health risks so when it goes out people often get anxious about the situation	A
294	When something is bought for a high price it is often expected to be made of better quality materials and last longer than something that was bought for a lower price so it is understandable to be surprised and upset when it does not meet those expectations	A
295	Being in an unfamiliar place is often overwhelming and being lost in a foreign country can be even more so because there is a lack of understanding of the surroundings	A
296	It can feel like an act of exclusion when friends get together for events and the person is not included in the invitation	A
297	If an employer is in a bad financial situation, it is likely that they might go bankrupt and so employees who are aware of the situation are often worried about their job security	A
298	Food poisoning is an incredibly unpleasant experience and often leaves people feeling very nauseous and disgusted with themselves	A
299	Bonsai trees are known for their slow growth, so the simile is emphasizing how slow the plant grew.	A
300	To be dead as a dodo means to be outdated or unpopular, and in this sentence it was both of those things when the speaker tried to use it last night.	A
302	A checkerboard is a board with alternating squares of black and white, so the floor has alternating squares of black and white.	A
303	Tying a firecracker to a dog's tail is cruel and can cause the dog a lot of pain so it's understandable to be very angry at the brother for doing something like that	A
304	To bear fruit means to yield results, which is what the training is beginning to do according to the reports.	A
305	To  rise  from weakness means to get up from being weak.	A
306	The coworker smells so bad that it is difficult to be near them and often results in people feeling nauseous	A
307	To go round in circles means to waste time with trivial activities, and this sentence is saying how things never change and just keep happening in the same way.	A
308	Benedict Arnold was a traitor, so to say someone is as loyal as Benedict Arnold would be to say that they are not loyal at all.	A
309	Optimism is a state of mind where someone believes that things will work out for the best, so, in this case, the speaker's optimism has made him forget about his worries and believe in a brighter future.	A
310	It is often unfair when one sibling is given more resources than another and in this case it seems particularly unjust because the sister who is being given more resources is an adult	A
311	A hair transplant is when someone takes hair from one area and transplants it to another area in order to cover up baldness and due to this artificial procedure it often looks fake or unreal, so the simile refers to the landscapes looking like they were fake or phony.	A
312	It is not appropriate to throw things at people while they are eating and so when my son threw a pillow at my daughter while she was eating pasta it made me very angry	A
313	Oftentimes when people trust their farts too much, they end up pooping their pants	A
314	A marshmallow pond would be expected to be soft and fluffy, so whatever he collided with is soft and fluffy.	A
315	It is very embarrassing to have your clothes rip in public, especially in a place like the gym where people are already in minimal clothing	A
316	The window panes were shaking because the wind was blowing strongly with great intensity through them.	A
317	To shoot the breeze means to chat or converse aimlessly or casually, which is what he wanted to do if the person he was speaking to had a free minute.	A
318	To cry wolf means to make a false alarm, which is what Katherine is warning against.	A
319	It is common for people to leave their partner for someone who is better in some way than them whether that be in terms of looks, money, or success	A
320	Drowning in a sea of minor problems means being overwhelmed by a lot of small problems and not being able to focus on the bigger issue.	A
321	To be thin as a rake means to be extremely skinny or slender, as is the case with Lucy.	A
322	A lit coal is a fiery, intense orange, which implies that the book was glowing brightly.	A
323	A stormy relationship means a relationship that is full of arguments and fights.	A
324	glow-in-the-dark stars are usually luminescent, so the simile in this context means that tears are luminescent.	A
325	The idiom better safe than sorry means that it is better to expend the time or effort to be cautious with one's actions, which is what Scarborough decided to do.	A
326	A pat of butter melting would become lazy and slippery, just as his voice did.	A
327	The metaphor is saying that the person feels like they are overwhelmed with too much information and it is hard for them to process it all.	A
328	A viking raider is a wild and sexy individual, so the stubble on his jaw makes him look like one.	A
329	Richard Dawkins is an atheist, so the simile is saying that the person is not religious.	A
330	A body of water can become murky when it is polluted, so the simile is indicating that the sky has become similarly polluted.	A
331	To do something in cold blood means to do it without feeling or remorse, which is what Thomas is accused of doing to his family members.	A
332	A salt mine is full of salt, which is not sweet.	A
333	When something that is anticipated to be good turns out to be bad it is often disappointing and this was the case for the vegan cookies	A
334	It is natural to feel bad when you accidentally cause someone else to drop and break their phone because it is a costly mistake	A
335	If someone hits your car and then flees the scene without leaving any information, they are most likely trying to avoid taking responsibility for their actions	A
336	Being abandoned at a bar by your best friend while you are drunk and with a random stranger is pretty scary and not something that a good friend would do	A
337	To be in for a treat means to be guaranteed to experience something unexpectedly pleasant, which is what Sean was guaranteed in this sentence.	A
338	To leave no stone unturned means to use every available resource, which is what the person in the context is thinking about doing.	A
339	John was not at the same level as his classmates.	A
340	A final exam is often worth a large percentage of someone's grade for a class and so failing it usually results in people feeling upset, disappointed, and embarrassed	A
341	The waves hit the boat so hard that it sank before it could dock.	A
342	"Those people" often refer to people who are addicted to their phones and can't go about their day without using it	A
343	A bear with a thorn in its paw is in pain and will be grouchy, similarly Hardy was in pain and grouchy by the time photography came around.	A
344	Eating 12 Big Mac's from McDonalds is a lot of food and can often make people feel guilty because it is an unhealthy amount of food to consume in one sitting	A
345	The term kick back is often used to describe the sudden movement of an object, so in this case, the gun suddenly moved back into the shoulder of the person who was holding it.	A
346	A buddhist garden is a place of tranquility, so even though she is surrounded by chaos, she feels peaceful.	A
347	Grocery shopping usually requires money so forgetting to bring your wallet is pretty silly and makes people feel like idiots	A
348	There is often a lot of envy that comes along with seeing friends succeed in life while someone is struggling	A
349	It's frustrating when children eat all the food that was bought for them because then they have to go hungry or buy more food which wastes money	A
350	To cut the mustard means to work or operate in a satisfactory manner, which is what she would have been able to do in the talkies.	A
351	To go straight means to move forward, and in this sentence they need to move forward to the cops.	A
352	To be off the beaten track means to be away from the frequently traveled routes, and in this context the place is also described as being little-known or in a remote area.	A
353	To bear fruit means to yield results, so in this sentence a significant response needs to be successful.	A
354	The critics gave the broadway production very high praise.	A
355	It's really heartbreaking when a couple tries to have kids but are unsuccessful and each pregnancy just results in a miscarriage	A
357	Kids often don't want to tell their parents about the trouble they got into at school so they act like everything was normal even if it wasn't	A
358	It is natural to feel jealous when another person is checking out or flirting with your romantic partner right in front of you	A
359	To lead to believe means to cause one to believe something, and in this context the person has been caused to believe something.	A
360	A slap and tickle refers to physical amorous play, so the entailment is saying that the man is not just looking for physical play, but for love.	A
361	It is common to feel terrible and like an outsider when someone has no friends in high school because humans are social creatures and need companionship	A
362	Tide things over means to try to improve or make a situation better temporarily.	A
363	To add insult to injury means to make a bad situation worse, and in this sentence the boy leading the sheep makes the situation worse.	A
364	Titanium is a metal that is very difficult to destroy, so the simile is suggesting that the enemies are just as difficult to destroy.	A
365	Small potatoes means a tiny and/or inconsequential person, thing or amount, and in this context burglary is seen as tiny and inconsequential.	A
366	A credit card is a very thin piece of plastic, so the simile is emphasizing the thinness of the object.	A
367	A lost student is someone who is feeling confused and disoriented, which is how the user would feel as they become increasingly distressed.	A
368	Jobs for the boys refers to giving paid employment to your friends, supporters, or relations, which is what the context is referring to.	A
369	Being rejected for a loan often leads to feelings of sadness and disappointment, especially when it is for something that was very important or desired like a dream house	A
370	The simile is used to describe the overwhelming nature of the bright snarled ball that sparked in millions of colors, and how the speaker was so focused on holding her hand that he barely even noticed them.	A
371	A cloudless summer sky is typically a very deep blue color.	A
372	People go to the movies to watch the film and hear the audio so when people talk during a movie it often disrupts the experience for other people who are trying to enjoy the film	A
373	It's common courtesy to not litter or throw things in other people's property so it's understandable to be irritation when a restaurant keeps leaving their flyers on someone's door which often results in a pile up of paper in the neighborhood	A
374	Speeding is dangerous and illegal and so getting a speeding ticket is often seen as something to be ashamed of	A
375	When someone's belongings are stolen it is often an upsetting experience because it feels like a personal violation and the sense that someone has deliberately decided to make them suffer	A
376	A thunderstorm is large, dark, and looming, which are all adjectives that can be used to describe the anger in Maxine Fortenberry's face in this context.	A
377	To give it a whirl means to try something out, so in this sentence trying it out is the only way to know.	A
378	Acknowledging reality means to accept what is happening, here, the person was denying it to be the opposite being in a dream world.	A
379	To make head or tail of something is to understand it, and in this context the person cannot understand it.	A
380	The bridge is blocking the river means that the bridge is preventing the river from flowing.	A
381	Kindness is an act of showing goodwill or helpfulness towards others, and we must recognize the fact that she has always been kind to us.	A
382	To throw good money after bad means to try to recoup initial losses by spending more money, but in this context they can't afford to waste more money.	A
383	To have a way with someone or something means to have a special and effective way of dealing with them, which is what the bishop has.	A
384	Frolicking means to play or dance around happily, so, here, the children are happy and carefree.	A
385	To bluff is to try to deceive someone by making them think something that is not true.	A
386	The idiom "take it from me" is used when the speaker wants to emphasize that they are speaking from experience.	A
387	Here, flowing is used to mean that death is coming soon.	A
388	Being uncomfortable with the idea of knowing that someone has HIV usually means that the person is worried about contracting HIV themselves	A
389	The simile is saying that he was very graceful, but the entailment is saying the opposite.	A
390	Doves feathers are soft and smooth, so the simile is emphasizing that his skin was soft.	A
391	When children want their parents to buy them things that are not on the school list, it often puts financial stress on the parents	A
392	To go to the mat for someone means to give them full support, which is what the speaker is saying they will do for Bugsy.	A
393	A prowling animal is one that is on the hunt, looking for its next meal much like someone primitive and primal.	A
394	Dogs poop in their own yards, not on their neighbor's property so it's considered very rude for a dog to keep pooping on someone else's driveway	A
395	To meet someone halfway means to compromise with them, and that is what the Democrats are willing to do with the president.	A
396	Parents often get angry when their children borrow their car and end up damaging it in some way because they are responsible for the car	A
397	To get a rise out of someone means to provoke an angry or irritated response, which is what he was trying to do by teasing her.	A
398	A tightrope walker with vertigo is someone who is in a very precarious position and is likely very jittery about to fall at any moment, which is how we felt on the day of the alumni interview.	A
399	An engine whistle is loud and piercing, and it is used to indicate that the engine is about to start, so the simile indicates the voice is loud and piercing.	A
400	To take it from someone means to believe them because they have experience with what they are talking about, as is the case in this context.	A
401	A queen from King Arthur's court would be an elegant and regal figure, looking  frail and ethereal, yet somehow powerful	A
402	Crocodile tears are a false insincere display of sadness, and this sentence is suggesting that the person's sadness is not genuine.	A
403	The Senator said something negative about the administration in his speech on Friday.	A
404	To be under the gun means to be in a stressful situation that requires quick action, and this context is saying that such thinking is dangerous when technologies are involved.	A
405	To sleep like a log means to experience a very deep and restful sleep, which is what the speaker is expecting to do tonight.	A
406	Rationing is when you are allocating and budgeting a certain amount of things.	A
407	It's not healthy to work all the time without any break and it's common to feel annoyed or bothered by this situation	A
408	To go full tilt means to go as fast as possible, which is what fink was doing by heading for the nearest tavern.	A
409	A pyrrhic victory is a victory that is not worth achieving because of the excessive toll it takes on the victor, and in this context the victory is described as being costly and meaningless.	A
410	To be dead in the water means to be completely defunct, and in this sentence the person is wondering how things would have gone if they had found the other person not functioning.	A
411	To be in high dudgeon is to be with resentment, angrily or furiously, and this is exactly what the man in the red pyjamas was doing after shouting to his wife.	A
412	It's already difficult to do a job that someone doesn't like and often people have to do the work of multiple people so having to do the work of a lazy co-worker as well makes it even harder	A
413	The seeds of a potential conflict means the beginning of a potential conflict.	A
414	Being by oneself in a group setting can often feel very awkward and lonely, especially if everybody else there knows each other and somebody is feeling like an outsider	A
415	Stubbing your toe is often a very painful experience and can result in people feeling angry and cursing loudly	A
416	Airing one's opinion means to speak out about something, usually in a public forum, in this case, the person is speaking out about welfare, which is a program that provides assistance to the less fortunate.	A
417	To run amok means to go awry or to act out of control, and in this context speaker wants others to not excercise complete freedom to act out of control on a vacation.	A
418	Funneling money into something means to spend a lot of money on it.	A
419	Ingrown toenails are often painful and can become infected so they need to be removed	A
420	Lions are known for their bravery and strength, and never giving up.	A
421	When someone who is supposed to be a friend violates that trust by stealing from the person, it is natural to feel disappointed and upset	A
422	To nudge nudge wink wink is to draw attention to an innuendo, which is what Ken was doing in the previous statement.	A
423	Wearing a smile means having a smile on one's face.	A
424	An indian summer is a period of unseasonably warm weather, which is what is described in the context.	A
425	A sharp dagger is a very painful object, so the simile is emphasizing the intensity of the pain.	A
426	To go round in circles means to waste time and not make any progress, so working together is necessary to avoid this.	A
427	A broom handle is a long, thin, and straight object, which can be used to describe someone who is plain and skinny.	A
428	An angel is a divine being, and is often seen as being good and pure and innocent.	A
429	The roaring on the door means the knocking is louder and more insistent.	A
430	To know the score is to understand the reality of a situation, which in this context is the harsh reality.	A
431	If someone is in a room with a lot of people but feels like no one is paying attention to them they are likely to feel alone	A
432	Mortgage payments are often already very expensive and so when they go up it can be a huge financial burden on someone	A
433	Burn here means to cause emotional pain.	A
434	A rabbit staring into the headlights of an oncoming car is an image of terror, as the rabbit is about to be run over.	A
435	A pig on a frozen pond is clumsy and awkward, which is how the person in the simile sentence appears when they are on the ground.	A
436	To exchange good offices is to exchange aid or support, which is what this context is describing.	A
437	Stealing is wrong and especially stealing from an elderly man who can't defend himself	A
438	Not being able to fix the a/c and feeling the heat can be really frustrating, especially if someone was looking forward to the relief of the a/c	A
439	A hundred million fireflies dancing would be an incredibly beautiful sight.	A
440	A prison is a place where people are confined and not free to do as they please so tyrant has made life miserable.	A
441	Dropping and shattering an antique tea cup is a very costly mistake and would often result in someone feeling upset and devastated	A
442	A bank vault is a secure place where valuables are kept, so they are secure	A
443	To stand the test of time means to be well regarded or to last for a long time, and in this context it is implying that our love will last forever.	A
444	Losing a job is often a very traumatic experience and can result in feeling down or terrible	A
445	Not on your life is used to refuse very firmly to do something, so in this context they are refusing to give up his possessions.	A
446	To be in high dudgeon means to be with resentment or angrily, which is why he turned away from the speaker in great anger.	A
447	To run full tilt means to run as fast as possible, which is what he did when he ran quickly to join his comrades.	A
448	To cry foul is to protest against something, and in this sentence they are protesting about the situation by making a fuss.	A
449	Grad school is often a very stressful time for people and if it starts to feel like it is making someone go crazy then it is probably a good idea for that person to drop out and take care of their mental health	A
450	It is frustrating when someone takes away something that you have been working hard on without a good explanation or justification	A
451	The smell of fish is often very overwhelming and if someone is not a fan of fish, the smell can make them feel nauseous	A
453	Going through garbage is seen as dirty and disgusting behavior and is often associated with pigs so it's not surprising that someone would be annoyed with their dog if they kept doing this	A
454	To be off the shelf means to be ready made for purchase, and in this context a bottle of tondarion fire is readily available for purchase.	A
455	It is a breach of trust when someone reveals something very personal and private that was told to them in confidence so it is understandable to feel betrayed by an ex-friend who did just that	A
456	To be short and sweet is to be brief while still being satisfying or to the point, and in this context the person is pourign out their feelings concisely and satisfyingly.	A
457	It is very inconsiderate to leave a grocery cart in the middle of the parking lot because it takes up space and someone else might need to park there	A
458	Being rejected from a job is painful enough, but receiving multiple rejections in such a short amount of time can be absolutely devastating	A
459	Oatmeal is a really bland food, so the simile is saying that the woman's personality is just as bland.	A
460	It is very embarrassing to be caught without clothes on and so coming up from a dive with no swim trunks would be a very embarassing experience	A
461	Dogs are often not allowed to root through garbage cans because it is unsanitary and can make a mess so people often get mad when they come home to find their dog has done this	A
462	House gnats are often difficult to get rid of and their presence can be very irritating to people	A
463	It's often disappointing when somebody comes back from a trip and they forget to bring a gift for someone who had asked them to, especially if that person was looking forward to it	A
464	Addiction is a terrible thing that often ruins people's lives and it's understandable to feel bad for those caught in it and wish to help them break free	A
465	Having to go to court is often a very scary experience because it is unknown what the outcome will be and there is a potential for severe consequences	A
466	It is common to feel anxious while waiting for test results from the doctor because there is always the worry that something could be wrong and the wait can often feel interminable	A
467	Undercooked chicken can often cause food poisoning and so when somebody sees that the chicken they ordered is still pink or red in the middle, it often makes them feel sick	A
468	The sensation of touching something slimy can be really unpleasant and often worms are seen as dirty creatures so it is natural to feel scared when coming into contact with them	A
469	A dream is something that is not real, or is not based in reality and often unbelievable	A
470	A slap on the wrist is a very mild inconsequential punishment or warning, so getting away with one means that he was going to get away with a very light punishment or warning.	A
471	A deadfall is a cold, dry place in the woods.	A
472	When streets are being repaved it is common for people to be stuck inside their homes because they can't leave and this often results in people feeling annoyed	A
473	It's unfair when someone puts in a lot of work on a project and then their partner who did not do as much work ends up taking most of the credit	A
474	To give the go ahead means to give permission to do something, which is what she needs in order to start putting the showing together.	A
475	A partially full bag of grain is heavy and cumbersome, so when someone's body becomes like a bag of grain, it means they are having difficulty to support themselves and are limp.	A
476	It is natural to feel anxious about doing something for the first time that is considered dangerous like sky diving	A
477	Here, the word rained is used to mean that it is convering something.	A
478	Its very frustrating when something that was supposed to be approved gets denied, especially after a long wait, so its understandable to be livid in this situation	A
479	Oftentimes, people are very sensitive about their weight and so when a friend points out that someone is getting fat, it can come across as hurtful and offensive	A
480	To make a splash means to be very successful and garner a lot of public attention, which is what the speaker wanted.	A
481	A coffee mug is a personal item that often has sentimental value and so dropping it would be seen as careless and thoughtless, especially if it was done by someone close to the individual	A
482	Personal space is a concept that is important to many people and when somebody steps into that space it can often make the person very angry	A
483	The idiom chickens come home to roost means that you have to face the consequences of your mistakes or bad deeds, which is what Jane is referring to in the sentence.	A
484	Touching with smoothness means adding softness or taking away roughness.	A
485	When a partner leaves it is often sudden and unexpected which can lead to the person who was left feeling shocked and alone	A
486	Borrowing money often creates a sense of debt and obligation to pay the money back as soon as possible but if a friend borrows money and does not act like paying it back is a priority then it might make the person feel disrespected	A
487	To make ends meet means to earn just enough money to pay one's bills, which is described as a constant battle.	A
488	It is very frustrating when a bank charges someone for a service that they never even wanted and did not sign up for so it is understandable to be livid about it	A
489	To get wind of something means to become aware of it, especially if it's being kept secret, and in this sentence the paper would become aware of the bigamist marriage.	A
490	To put your foot down means to be unyielding or inflexible in your position, which is what the speaker did when they told the other person they would have a say in the next album.	A
491	To tell tales is to share secrets often knowing that doing so will cause problems for someone else, which is what the person in this context is doing.	A
492	A doctor who drops his keys in an open heart cavity would be befuddled and nervous at the thought of doing something terrible by mistake and the simile is used to show how out of place and confused the doctor sounds when he makes this statement.	A
493	Monkeys foodfighting with bananas is hilarious and uncoordinated, which is similar to the way the two people are fighting with each other.	A
494	To go so far as to do something means to do something extreme, and in this sentence, the fru taking the extreme step of contacting her mom.	A
495	It is often frustrating when something that was just bought breaks down or does not work properly shortly after and in this case a new set of tires blowing a week later is no exception	A
496	Having money troubles often leads to negative emotions like anger because it can be very stressful and feel like there is no way out	A
497	A pompous beauty guru is someone who is full of themselves and their own importance, so describing oneself without sounding like a pompous beauty guru would mean not coming across as arrogant.	A
498	To do something in light of means to do it after having prior knowledge which and in this context thats what makes her an idiot.	A
499	If someone likes someone and they see that person eating lunch with another guy, the person who likes them might feel left out because they were not included in the lunch	A
