0	Contradiction	The smell of my dog's vomit was foul and not pleasant.
1	Contradiction	My friend who I had plans with for the past month cancelled on me does not imply that he is dependable.
2	Contradiction	I feel extremely guilty for eating an entire ice cream sundae by myself.
3	Contradiction	I wish I had more money like Bill Gates so it bothers me that he has more money than I will ever have.
4	Contradiction	The first try was not clearly conveyed.
5	Contradiction	It bugs me when telemarketers call my house because it's really frustrating not to be able to get a word in. The answer: B.
6	Contradiction	Someone was looking at me through my window in the middle of the night does not imply that I was really pleased when I woke up to see someone peeking through my window in the middle of the night.
7	Contradiction	I feel pretty bummed after seeing a photo of myself 4 years ago I gained so much weight!
8	Contradiction	I was irritated with my dog chewing my favorite pair of shoes last week and I realize it was a great idea to get a dog now that he destroyed my favorite pair of shoes last week.
9	Contradiction	I was upset and puzzled to see my coworkers eating my lunch I had left in the company refrigerator.
10	Contradiction	I definitely did not feel good about it when I found out I failed.
11	Contradiction	I am not sure if amber is deliberately trying to improve the situation, but if she is, it's certainly effective.
12	Contradiction	Here, there is truth and transparency at every turn, a demonic funhouse with both horrors and delights.
13	Contradiction	Last week at a cafe I saw a young man watching angrily at me with a gun in his hands.
14	Contradiction	The government has always been stiff, but the most notable stiffness is during military pressure. So the answer is B.
15	Contradiction	B: It is not possible to be excited when you have to pay a late fee.
16	Contradiction	I am not delighted that my friend quit his job without giving me back the money he owed me.
17	Contradiction	I went to the store and took a small bunch of bananas without paying for them does not imply that I am really rich.
18	Contradiction	Her optimism reestablished these worries means that she was not able to steal away these worries.
19	Contradiction	In Annwyl's mind, the ones demanding the product and the suppliers will thrive and become more successful.
20	Contradiction	The sight of all the fruit flies around the garbage made me feel like I was going to vomit.
21	Contradiction	The majority of law enforcement is now critical does not imply that they have become like a phonograph at a smartphone convention.
22	Contradiction	She is either passive and low-energy or full of beans.
23	Contradiction	I feel so proud that I played video games instead of cleaning the house like my wife asked me to.
24	Contradiction	B: I was furious when ticketed for a car on my own property.
25	Contradiction	I am jealous of John's new job that pays him 150,000 dollars a year.
26	Contradiction	She went from being poor to being rich.
27	Contradiction	B: I felt so disillusioned when I discovered someone who I admired for their vision was a jerk on a day-to-day basis.
28	Contradiction	Panic is sweeping through the streets slowly like an ambitious virus.
29	Contradiction	It's not my honor to be the worst dancer in the world and put up a magnificient act by dancing in front of everyone at the wedding.
30	Contradiction	The cake was really moist but it was not as moist as the desert.
31	Contradiction	The date was terrible so I can't treasure it.
32	Contradiction	I am not a reliable employee because I called into work and told them I was sick and left them short handed.
33	Contradiction	When I got home today, I found my cat had pooped on the bed and it made me feel pretty darn upset with myself.
34	Contradiction	I feel guilty about spending 2000 dollars on a bag when I know there are people in the world who don't even have food to eat.
35	Contradiction	I am not glad that I don't have any friends because of my severe social anxiety.
36	Contradiction	It came running, hard and reckless but it was not like a swamp cat.
37	Contradiction	Yesterday my co-worker got the promotion that I was gunning for and now I feel really bad about it.
38	Contradiction	Take it on the chin is a rephrase of ignore the situation. The answer: B.
39	Contradiction	After releasing his rage he was like a ferocious wolf.
40	Contradiction	I wish I had my neighbors nice new car does not imply that I couldn't be less jealous of my neighbors, who just got a car that I could never afford.
41	Contradiction	B: I am so upset that my daughter failed an exam and tried to hide it from me.
42	Contradiction	Becky got new shoes and they were the ones I wanted but I am jealous that she has the same shoes that I wanted.
43	Contradiction	It is possible that my aunt had just put up the display and I was not pleased to break it. The answer: B.
44	Contradiction	The weather is terrible and it has me down in the dumps.
45	Contradiction	There is nothing worse than not having any clothes clean for work.
46	Contradiction	The seeds of change were either uprooted or planted in 1943.
47	Contradiction	I think my boyfriend took my debit card again does not imply that I am super excited that my boyfriend probably took my debit card without me knowing.
48	Contradiction	If too many people try to do something, it will make the final product better, he told her lightly as he held her gaze.
49	Contradiction	There are definitely other ways to interpret it contradicts no two ways about it.
50	Contradiction	I was either betrayed or beaming with joy.
51	Contradiction	The stars are either pretty dim or they sparkle.
52	Contradiction	She avoids a lot of nonsense so she cannot babble a lot of nonsense.
53	Contradiction	I feel bad that I cheated on my diet and broke the commitment I made to myself.
54	Contradiction	B: I'm meeting my boyfriends parents soon and I am so scared.
55	Contradiction	She 'll try really hard to go through with it does not imply that she 'll run a mile.
56	Contradiction	The clothes could not be cold and dry if they were melting. The answer: B.
57	Contradiction	I feel nervous most of the time but when my regional boss comes into town it gets pretty bad.
58	Contradiction	I feel so attractive when girls stop talking to me on Tinder without any explanation.
59	Contradiction	The time I got robbed at gunpoint was one of the greatest moments of my life.
60	Contradiction	He did not bring anything new to his performance so he could not have injected new life into the performance.
61	Contradiction	That made things a lot more difficult, but it didn't mean he was ready to give up.
62	Contradiction	The pen is insignificant than the sword so it can't be mightier than the sword.
63	Contradiction	Because you're a smart, pretty woman who I suspect is a lot of fun once you start worrying about being dignified or behaving correctly without just relaxing or indulging in too much enjoyment.
64	Contradiction	I couldn't believe I made that mistake so I was really thrilled when I realized I called my girlfriend by my ex-girlfriend's name.
65	Contradiction	It's really horrible when a friend backs out at the last second.
66	Contradiction	The peace and quiet of my house was just diminished by the sound of my kids coming back.
67	Contradiction	I was very upset about the person cutting in front of me in line and I was almost overjoyous about it.
68	Contradiction	I'm afraid of what the future has in store with overpopulation and unemployment.
69	Contradiction	We were excited to go on vacation but we had to cancel because we all got sick.
70	Contradiction	The taste of agony could not be minimal if it was thick upon my tongue. The answer: B.
71	Contradiction	I would invite you in to eat something, but my mom must be nearly here, so its best not to tempt fate.
72	Contradiction	B: It is a contradiction to say that I am so jealous of my friend Mary who got accepted into Medical school while I am still waiting on my application to be approved.
73	Contradiction	I am not thrilled that my best friend got a new car and I'm still driving the same one for 10 years.
74	Contradiction	I left my friend at the bar the other night but I don't feel so proud of myself.
75	Contradiction	The darkness of night cannot arrive and depart at the same time.
76	Contradiction	I was wishing I was moving to New York like my friend but I was ecstatic when my friend told me that she is moving to New York leaving me behind.
77	Contradiction	I feel like the most irresponsible husband for getting drunk out of my mind yesterday and breaking my promise to my wife.
78	Contradiction	I was not pleased with how today a swarm of wasps was chasing after me.
79	Contradiction	He smiled treacherously up at me means he looked down at me.
80	Contradiction	He looked like a prowling animal and not modern and civilized.
81	Contradiction	I feel like I am falling behind on my housework.
82	Contradiction	She was not about to allow a stranger to act disrespectfully and inappropriately towards her.
83	Contradiction	The moment I thought I would become homeless was so pleasant.
84	Contradiction	I caught my neighbor letting his dog poop on my lawn does not imply that I got overjoyed when I saw my neighbor let his dog poop on my lawn.
85	Contradiction	Let's see if you keep calm and refrain from making any noise next Monday when it's just another start to a shitty week.
86	Contradiction	I feel disappointed with myself because I forgot to pay my credit card bill.
87	Contradiction	I broke my aunt's picture display, it was very elaborate and nice but it was not because I felt like such a great and organized person.
88	Contradiction	I feel guilty that I broke my mother's prized teapot.
89	Contradiction	The sky had turned clear so it could not have turned like a polluted body of water.
90	Contradiction	The flowers stopped dancing in the gentle breeze.
91	Contradiction	It started storming and hailing but it was not Mother Nature showing up.
92	Contradiction	The feds may be nervous about your media popularity so they have decided not to act with full regard for our wellbeing.
93	Contradiction	I don't like doing my job and the duties of other co-worker that slack.
94	Contradiction	And could we get your cell phone number to cross check records by using the same source or method?
95	Contradiction	It's not only beautiful but also cool how people around my apartment building just toss their cigarettes on the ground.
96	Contradiction	The taste of agony was very less and I did not feel any suffering.
97	Contradiction	My dog vomited in the living room and it stuck so bad I almost vomited trying to clean it up.
98	Contradiction	Allegiance to the oaths of homage is long gone by this time does not imply that oaths of homage fiercely succeeded.
99	Contradiction	I forgot about wife's birthday but I don't feel great about it.
100	Contradiction	The other organizations were initially independent but could still be brought within the Central Office orbit.
101	Contradiction	I felt like a fool when I realized that I brought a present for a baby boy to a baby shower for a baby girl.
102	Contradiction	I found a long grey hair in my sandwitch this afternoon when I went out to lunch.
103	Contradiction	He could not be quiet and answer at the same time.
104	Contradiction	A voice soft and gentle is not like a hall-stalking headmaster.
105	Contradiction	Am I supposed to believe that that story is not true?
106	Contradiction	I am not feeling happy and proud that my state is ranked as the last in education in the entire United States.
107	Contradiction	He's a showman so he gets bums on seats.
108	Contradiction	Jesus explained that a neighbor was someone like the selfish person who doesn't help others, especially those in distress.
109	Contradiction	It is tragic that our country is falling apart as a society but it does not increase my sense of patriotism.
110	Contradiction	The person was either jealous or not jealous at all.
111	Contradiction	I feel as if I'm the perfect driver for getting caught going too fast and being gifted with a speeding ticket as a result.
112	Contradiction	I am disappointed with the ending because it ended poorly.
113	Contradiction	Everyone is like a snowman looking at the first spring sun.
114	Contradiction	Let's continue beating around the bush means let's continue to talk about it.
115	Contradiction	If you ruin a child's character you are destroying their life.
116	Contradiction	I wish I was taller so I could reach things on high shelves.
117	Contradiction	I'm glad I'm not flying on a full stomach, someone jokes.
118	Contradiction	His wishes were either punishing him or guiding him.
119	Contradiction	His eyes are green but they are not like a spring pansy.
120	Contradiction	The immigrants were either slowly cast out of society or quickly absorbed into society.
121	Contradiction	I am not thankful that my neighbor is having a loud party when I have not had any sleep for the past three days.
122	Contradiction	I am scared to go get a car loan because of the high interest rates.
123	Contradiction	The slight pinch was a fast and fleeting reminder.
124	Contradiction	I was traveling internationally literally the day after a high level travel alert was issued for the region I was going.
125	Contradiction	The amount of crime growing near me is scary to think about and protecting my safety.
126	Contradiction	I am tired of telling my daughter to clean her room so it must be unacceptable.
127	Contradiction	Yesterday, I saw my best friend in the park, he was with my ex and it made me absolutely elated to see him with my ex.
128	Contradiction	Do you want to say anything before you enjoy living?
129	Contradiction	I am not pleased that my daughter is being bullied at school and the teachers are not doing anything about it.
130	Contradiction	My best friend is going to Tahiti with his family and it makes me envious of my best friend who gets to go there unlike me.
131	Contradiction	B: I hate it when people make loud breathing noises while eating a sandwich.
132	Contradiction	His stomach felt full but it was not like a well.
133	Contradiction	I was in a hotel and there was hair in the shower drain does not imply that I found hair in the shower drain and it made me feel totally pleased.
134	Contradiction	This plane can fly like a bird.
135	Contradiction	I was not overjoyed to find out my storage unit burned down and I had lost several valuable items.
136	Contradiction	The sound of a knock at my door late at night makes me feel totally loved and appreciated.
137	Contradiction	Jack means to ask if you love Richard or is it a marriage full of love and emotion.
138	Contradiction	The faculty meeting was peaceful so it was not a real war.
139	Contradiction	I didn't like him enough to put up with that shit.
140	Contradiction	Not a married guy out looking for a quick verbal amorous play, but a man who would truly love her.
141	Contradiction	By midnight, Mia was feeling the effects of the alcohol, and she slowed her intake while the others continued to not celebrate at all.
142	Contradiction	I think I may have gotten my coworker in trouble by accidentally telling our boss that he was at the waterpark last week when he called in sick does not imply that I feel terrific that I may have gotten my coworker in trouble by accidentally telling our boss that he was at the waterpark last week when he called in sick.
143	Contradiction	I am not overjoyed that my boyfriend probably took my debit card without me knowing.
144	Contradiction	The last minute cancellation of the board meeting which I was so ready for made me extremely glad about the good use of my time.
145	Contradiction	If that time doesn't come then we wait for others to join us before proceeding.
146	Contradiction	The trial is over so we must have put you to the trial.
147	Contradiction	Yesterday, I saw my best friend in the park, he was with my ex and it made me insanely happy to see him with my ex.
148	Contradiction	He had a compelling defense on the subject of appearing to own a stolen horse.
149	Contradiction	The kid was a brute and silent so he was not like a locomotive.
150	Contradiction	It is not a good thing when a salesman calls me on the phone.
151	Contradiction	I was mad when I saw the package I ordered from online was ruined!
152	Contradiction	The violin concerto sounded natural after the danger we had just passed.
153	Contradiction	I am completely grossed out that this bread was molded that I just got from the store today.
154	Contradiction	It's not a relief that all the girls at school don't like me.
155	Contradiction	She had plenty of time for her children and her job so she did not have to juggle her job and her children.
156	Contradiction	B.
157	Contradiction	My dog barks at every noise he hears and it's really making me irritated.
158	Contradiction	I'm having one first attempt at something before I head back to penn state.
159	Contradiction	My dog is not really behaved because he keeps running around the yard in the spot where I just planted sod, and it looks like he's destroyed it.
160	Contradiction	The task of unraveling seemed possible; it lay before Pruett in a calming and straightforward way.
161	Contradiction	I found hair in the shower drain and it made me feel disgusted at all.
162	Contradiction	I am afraid to tell my boss about my incompetence because I know he will be so happy.
163	Contradiction	It is either hate it or love it when you meet a Tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures.
164	Contradiction	We did not go very far to portland, even though the brunswick mall is only a half-hour away.
165	Contradiction	I feel guilty for eating a box of donuts when I promised myself I wouldn't cheat on my diet.
166	Contradiction	My best friend is going to Tahiti with his family and I am thrilled my best friend gets to go there unlike me who is rotting here.
167	Contradiction	The doctor told me I needed heart surgery and I was very worried.
168	Contradiction	He could not smell fresh and old at the same time.
169	Contradiction	I was not thrilled how my mom acted when she yelled at the cashier.
170	Contradiction	My fiance broke off the engagement so I am not pleased.
171	Contradiction	It is not possible to be happy when you fail at something.
172	Contradiction	I feel ashamed that I cheated on my diet by eating at Burger King for lunch.
173	Contradiction	I am sad it is my birthday and I feel really sick does not imply that I like feeling really sick and also not being able to enjoy my birthday.
174	Contradiction	I feel envious of others who are buying expensive items because I can't afford one item.
175	Contradiction	I was really hungry today and ate my roomates leftovers does not imply that I felt so thoughtful about giving in to my hunger pangs and eating my roommates leftovers.
176	Contradiction	I cannot digest all this information because I enjoy to digest all this information.
177	Contradiction	The sight of a man running through my neighborhood sans clothes was awful.
178	Contradiction	Someone rammed my friend's door in the parking lot and I am feeling incredible.
179	Contradiction	I feel like my heart sings every time when I see him walk in the room.
180	Contradiction	Some peaks of demand can be dealt with by internal consultants and external consultants.
181	Contradiction	I promised her that you would be the worst and most boring performer.
182	Contradiction	His gaze was not blazing because it was not like a steady, strong flame.
183	Contradiction	Today my boss made me angry by giving me too much work to possibly do.
184	Contradiction	I was discouraged when my boss said my work was not up to the company's standards.
185	Contradiction	I feel sad that I nodded off at my desk yesterday.
186	Contradiction	Life is like a road, it is not like an endless road. The answer: B.
187	Contradiction	The company either promoted him or booted him.
188	Contradiction	I am terrified that someone got shot near my house the other day and it could happen to me too.
189	Contradiction	It would have been much better if this never happened because it's so late, Danny said behind them.
190	Contradiction	The stone hall seemed as dark and loud because of the cacophony of noise.
191	Contradiction	B: I am not at all envious of people who are debt free and don't have to deal with the burden of student loan
192	Contradiction	You are unaware of the reason why people have become healthy but you have no idea why people suddenly have become pale frail zombies.
193	Contradiction	B: Contradiction
194	Contradiction	My brother wouldn't leave me alone and I think I'm going to punch him!
195	Contradiction	My personal views and emotions did not rendered me blind to my judgment in this case.
196	Contradiction	The noises I hear are terrible and I cannot sleep because of them. The answer: B.
197	Contradiction	The pizza was either awful or a total masterpiece.
198	Contradiction	She has not experienced any of the range from blinding rage - rage so potent that it has eaten her from inside out.
199	Contradiction	I could not stand the person being obnoxious and racist to someone.
200	Contradiction	It's been getting to me lately that I'm constantly working and never get a break.
201	Contradiction	That's my mother in a lot of words is the same as that's my mother in a nutshell.
202	Contradiction	I warned you I would be calm and level-headed so you knew I would not be a big baby.
203	Contradiction	You'll never find me full of the joys of spring, and I don't mince my words.
204	Contradiction	She lumbered to him, clumsily, so she could not glide to him.
205	Contradiction	At the end of the day she had chosen to do what she enjoyed most - working with young children.
206	Contradiction	I must have a gift for attracting these weirdos because I never attract these weirdos.
207	Contradiction	She is not easily accessible if she is like a rare stone in a museum surrounded by laser lights.
208	Contradiction	It's frustrating when my neighbor always interrupts me when I'm trying to have a conversation with someone.
209	Contradiction	Jake is expressing his excitement about the money he will earn.
210	Contradiction	She has been avoiding alcohol so she cannot drown her trouble in alcohol.
211	Contradiction	The light traffic enabled mason to pass through town slowly.
212	Contradiction	The opposite of truth denied is truth exalted.
213	Contradiction	Seeing my ex wife kissing her new husband made me feel like a loser.
214	Contradiction	I'm scared to go get a car loan because of the high interest rates.
215	Contradiction	His movements were jerky and sloppy, halting and graceless.
216	Contradiction	It was indeed my turn to be exposed to a safe and secure life.
217	Contradiction	You're thin but you're not as thin as a balloon.
218	Contradiction	She walked into the room with her head down so she was not feeling secure.
219	Contradiction	Mella orders, while bobbing her skull up and down several times, a big problem she thinks.
220	Contradiction	Yesterday I wasn't being careful and I crashed my new motorcycle into my neighbors car and completely destroyed both.
221	Contradiction	I feel bad that I have to hide my smile because of my terrible teeth.
222	Contradiction	Someone who would do something as small as break into another's home is seriously deranged.
223	Contradiction	I am not staying faithful to my marriage vows by cheating on my spouse and then been lying to them about it. The answer: B.
224	Contradiction	I smiled when Dub looked at me and laughed, even though inside I felt full. So the answer is B.
225	Contradiction	I was not happy when I got my car back and found out that it was filled with used diapers.
226	Contradiction	A bit of a tomboy when she was younger, still more comfortable around boys than girls, she was extremely shy and withdrawn.
227	Contradiction	What they had between them was still like a flickering candle flame.
228	Contradiction	He winked as a way of saying that he was just a good-looking person and didn't have any other great qualities.
229	Contradiction	The cat was white but it was not as white as charcoal.
230	Contradiction	The historian will either not look at all or search high and low for a proper and accurate source.
231	Contradiction	I am not happy that someone managed to use my lost credit card and charged $100 on it.
232	Contradiction	My phone, that was on top of my car, suddenly fell off and shattered, so that's my worst day ever.
233	Contradiction	It's either annoying or it's making me feel great.
234	Contradiction	One party is not required to take any action while the other party is.
235	Contradiction	I feel envious when I drive through the rich neighborhoods and I know that I will never be able to afford to live there.
236	Contradiction	Then it's not progressing and expecting a pause to a whole bunch of other stuff.
237	Contradiction	It is fantastic that the new paper boy tried to toss the paper over the fence and instead broke my window.
238	Contradiction	This has everything to do with nationality and nothing to do with nationality.
239	Contradiction	My friend took some of my money without asking does not imply that I feel so satisfied that my friend who I thought was a good friend would take my money without asking.
240	Contradiction	Lance deals mostly in coke, but he dabbles in a few other significant and valuable items, too.
241	Contradiction	She was calm and not like a kitten in a den of coyotes.
242	Contradiction	I felt embarrassed when I tripped while walking into the restaurant and everyone saw.
243	Contradiction	The waiter's carelessness made me feel an overbearing sense of anger when he spilled coffee on my $1000 suit.
244	Contradiction	I was ready to fly to Japan this morning, and when I arrived the airline had given away my seat to someone else!
245	Contradiction	It ticked me off because it made me late to work.
246	Contradiction	His declarations can either douse the fire or sparked a fire.
247	Contradiction	The movie was exciting but it was not as thrilling as a sermon.
248	Contradiction	B: It is not possible to be thrilled that someone put in a offer quicker than I did.
249	Contradiction	It is not possible to be excited about not getting a job.
250	Entailment	The man is persistent but he is not like a buzzing killer bee.
251	Entailment	This will improve the situation so it is a plus.
252	Entailment	I fed my dog a new dog food and he puked ALL over my house!
253	Entailment	It should make money hand over fist in a small town.
254	Entailment	I was suppose to go on vacation last month with my family but ended up catching the flu and couldn't go with them.
255	Entailment	I was so anxious about the job interview because I felt like I didn't have any answers to their questions.
256	Entailment	My vision is not clear and is as clear as stained glass.
257	Entailment	He doesn't really have a way with people means he doesn't know how to handle or deal with people.
258	Entailment	Her sandals had crepe-thin soles and heels like a wedding cake.
259	Entailment	Well, your passion certainly seems to have no limits, she smiled, kissing him, but you must admit its strange.
260	Entailment	I feel exactly the same way as you do.
261	Entailment	Her hair smelled like a delicate fragrance that was lingering around me.
262	Entailment	I don't feel terrible that I don't have time to show my family around because they came all the way from Australia.
263	Entailment	I remained calm, but I was not like an old man on a park bench, feeding pigeons on a warm summer afternoon.
264	Entailment	I have a mountain of laundry that I've been neglecting for weeks now.
265	Entailment	You're always too slow, no matter how many times you try, you're always like a sloth at a racetrack.
266	Entailment	Did I tell you marie-claire and I are about to tie the knot?
267	Entailment	You can't be dull and sharp at the same time.
268	Entailment	I had already insinuated the idea to her means I had already planted the idea in her mind.
269	Entailment	The approaching car's headlights reflected at me means that they glared at me.
270	Entailment	He was even surprised to learn the men were pretty good friends when they weren't at odds over political issues.
271	Entailment	I hate that my sister gets to stay out as late as she wants while I have to be in at 8 PM.
272	Entailment	I feel ripped off because spending 20 dollars on a piece of cheese cake yielded such terrible results.
273	Entailment	His words cut through the air crisply like a hot iron sharpening skirt pleats.
274	Entailment	He holds up a giant disc proudly but not flashes it like a knockoff Rolex.
275	Entailment	Mrs. Saunders' hands were shaking, making her rosary beads click against each other as she looked at me.
276	Entailment	In a daze means in a fog. The answer: A.
277	Entailment	He did not work hard so he worked as hard as a dead slug.
278	Entailment	He was like the slash of an exclamation point because he was lanky and thin.
279	Entailment	Anastasia says, "if anybody has any suggestions, we are all ears."
280	Entailment	Her lips and nails were blue, her eyes were black, so her eyes were like a starless night.
281	Entailment	The Senator attacked the administration in his speech on Friday.
282	Entailment	The contractors are making a mess but it doesn't drive me insane.
283	Entailment	In making political agreements there are always multiple layers of complexity.
284	Entailment	The majority has voted in favor so the ayes have it.
285	Entailment	Life is challenging you to take action in response to an opportunity or crisis means life is asking you to step up to the plate.
286	Entailment	I was upset when my dog tore up my living room couch does not imply that I was really mad when my dog destroyed my new living room couch.
287	Entailment	Mom was inside the dim yellow kitchen, pacing restlessly does not imply that she was pacing like a caged tiger.
288	Entailment	Her fear was so terrifying that it was blocking her mind.
289	Entailment	The shape reminded one of the song.
290	Entailment	He was stricken with a terrible illness that killed him quickly.
291	Entailment	He stepped lightly, his stride sure and unhurried but not like a huge jungle cat, an apex predator out for a prowl in his domain.
292	Entailment	The storm caused a great deal of distress to the inhabitants of the town but it did not bomb the town.
293	Entailment	I am not anxious about my a/c going out and it's supposed to be really hot today.
294	Entailment	I can't believe how poorly made the purse I bought for a few hundred dollars is and that it started fraying in days.
295	Entailment	I was having a lot of trouble with the address of my AirBnB, I was so lost.
296	Entailment	Not happy about the fact that my friends all met up for dinner recently and I wasn't invited does not imply that it's not fair that my friends all got together for dinner recently and I wasn't invited.
297	Entailment	I am concerned about the financial situation of my employer but that doesn't mean that my employer might go bankrupt.
298	Entailment	I once ate a raw oyster and got food poisoning and I've never felt so gross.
299	Entailment	The plant grew slowly so it could not grow as fast as a bonsai tree.
300	Entailment	It was completely outdated and unpopular when I went to use it last night.
301	Entailment	Ellen said in a harsh sarcastic tone.
302	Entailment	The queen reclined on a white and gold divan, and all around her stretched a floor made of alternating squares of black and white.
303	Entailment	I was so angry when my brother tied a firecracker to our dog's tail that I was livid.
304	Entailment	As reports trickle in from the scattered settlements, it becomes clear that the varangian military training is beginning to bear fruit.
305	Entailment	They could not improve their situation from weakness because they fell.
306	Entailment	At work there is a coworker that smell terribly bad.
307	Entailment	It's amusing how things never change and just keep happening in the same way.
308	Entailment	You're disloyal so you're not loyal like Benedict Arnold.
309	Entailment	Her optimism made me believe in a brighter future so I no longer have worries.
310	Entailment	My family buys my adult sister things all the time but can't really help me out when I need it does not mean that I feel terrible.
311	Entailment	The landscapes of the newer suburbs looked somehow fake.
312	Entailment	My son threw a pillow at my daughter while she was eating some pasta and it made her so mad.
313	Entailment	My favorite pair of shorts are ruined, thanks to an overtrusted fart does not imply that they are stained and stinky because I pooped on them by accident.
314	Entailment	Then he collided into something soft and fluffy does not imply it was a marshmallow pond.
315	Entailment	I was bothered by the fact that my pants had torn from behind does not imply that I was really embarassed.
316	Entailment	The window panes were shaking as the wind blew through them.
317	Entailment	Since I had time to kill while she shops, I thought I would stop by and chat aimlessly or casually if you have a free minute.
318	Entailment	You know what happens if we make a false alarm, Katherine said.
319	Entailment	The love of my life left me for a better man.
320	Entailment	If you have a high number of minor problems you cannot focus on what matters.
321	Entailment	Lucy is very skinny and slender so she is thin as a rake.'
322	Entailment	The book glowed orange but it was not like a lit coal.
323	Entailment	I was in a relationship that had a lot of arguments and fights.
324	Entailment	His eyes begin to tear up and they look luminescent does not imply that they appear like glow-in-the-dark stars.
325	Entailment	Scarborough decided to take the safer route even though it would be more time-consuming.
326	Entailment	His voice was lazy and slippery like a melting pat of butter.
327	Entailment	The overload of information makes me feel overwhelmed so I cannot digest all this information.
328	Entailment	The stubble on his jaw made him look wild and sexy.
329	Entailment	He's not religious so he can't be as religious as Richard Dawkins.
330	Entailment	The sky had turned murky which means it was like a polluted body of water.
331	Entailment	You'd murder family members without feeling or remorse means you'd kill family in cold blood.
332	Entailment	The kid is not sweet at all so he is as sweet as a salt mine.
333	Entailment	I tried following a recipe for vegan cookies and they turned out horribly does not imply that I was so excited to try out this vegan cookie recipe, but they turned out to be a total disaster.
334	Entailment	I accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked does not imply that I felt terrible.
335	Entailment	I wish I could find the person who hit my car and fled the scene, but I don't know if they're going to have a lot of explaining to do.
336	Entailment	My best friend left me alone at the bar with a random stranger while I was drunk instead of getting me home.
337	Entailment	And Sean was guaranteed to experience something unexpectedly pleasant or beneficial means he was in for a treat.
338	Entailment	Making sure I use every resource available to me means leave no stone unturned.
339	Entailment	John was not at the same standard as his class mates so he loomed behind his class mates.
340	Entailment	I failed my final exam for math last semester but I didn't bomb it.
341	Entailment	The huge waves really hit the small boat and sank it just before it docked.
342	Entailment	I can't believe I became one of those people who can't live without their phone means I feel terrible about the fact that I have become one of those people who can't live without their phone.
343	Entailment	By the time sixth period photography came around, hardy was like a bear with a thorn in its paw.
344	Entailment	I feel terrible about the fact that I ate 12 Big Mac's from McDonalds last night.
345	Entailment	The gun sprang back into my shoulder means it kicked back into my shoulder.
346	Entailment	She felt peaceful, so she must be in a buddhist garden.
347	Entailment	I feel like an idiot because I left my wallet at home when I went grocery shopping.
348	Entailment	My best friend just got a Lamborghini and I am still driving my 1998 Honda Civic.
349	Entailment	I bought groceries for school lunches and my kids ate everything before school has even started!
350	Entailment	She wouldn't have been able to cut the mustard in the talkies because she couldn't satisfactorily work or operate in the talkies.
351	Entailment	Emma, we need to go straight to the cops.
352	Entailment	The place is secluded, away from the frequently traveled routes and not well-known, very peaceful.
353	Entailment	Once we commit to a significant response, it needs to bear fruit.
354	Entailment	The critics paid tribute to the broadway production by praising it.
355	Entailment	We feel so terrible that every time we tried to have kids, it resulted in a miscarriage.
356	Entailment	The moon reflected its face onto the surface of the lake.
357	Entailment	I asked my daughter how her day was at school and she totally played it off like she was there the entire day.
358	Entailment	The woman looking at my boyfriend up and down does not imply that it made me feel insanely jealous.
359	Entailment	I have been lead to believe because of something heard, seen, or read.
360	Entailment	Not a married guy out looking for a quick physical amorous play, but a man who would truly love her.
361	Entailment	I felt terrible that I had no friends in high school and felt like an outsider.
362	Entailment	I tried to patch things up between them.
363	Entailment	To make things worse means to make them worse.
364	Entailment	The predators never expected their enemies to be this indestructible so they never anticipated their enemies would be this much like titanium.
365	Entailment	Burglary is nothing important or significant so it is really small potatoes.
366	Entailment	The thing was thin but it was not like a credit card.
367	Entailment	As the days pass the user would become increasingly distressed.
368	Entailment	This isn't a case of jobs for the boys.
369	Entailment	I applied for a loan to buy a house from the bank but didn't get it does not imply that I was really hopeful about getting the loan to buy my dream house, but sadly the bank rejected me.
370	Entailment	I barely even noticed the rich and complex network of lights inside of her because I was so focused on holding her hand.
371	Entailment	They were azure blue but it doesn't mean they were like a clear, cloudless summer sky.
372	Entailment	I don't like it when people talk during a movie but it doesn't mean they ruin the experience for everyone.
373	Entailment	It's getting really irritating that this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week and it's just piling up all over the neighborhood.
374	Entailment	I was teaching my daughter to drive today and got a speeding ticket.
375	Entailment	Someone stole the stereo out of my car does not imply that they decided to steal my car stereo and make me suffer.
376	Entailment	Maxine Fortenberry came in, looking angry and moving slowly.
377	Entailment	We'll never know unless we give it a try.
378	Entailment	He was living in his dream world shutting his eyes in front of reality.
379	Entailment	I can't understand it means I can't make head or tail of it.
380	Entailment	The bridge is blocking the river so it must hover over the river.
381	Entailment	We must salute the kindness she showed towards us.
382	Entailment	He wasn't sure she'd find enough clients in chance creek, anyway, and they couldn't afford to throw good money after bad.
383	Entailment	You have a knack for dealing with women, bishop.
384	Entailment	The children danced with joy means they frolicked with joy.
385	Entailment	You might have assumed this was the police scaring with a false show of strength and bullying.
386	Entailment	I know from experience that the human heart is much more capable than we give it credit for.
387	Entailment	Death is knocking on my door so it must be flowing at the door. The answer: B.
388	Entailment	I am a little bit uncomfortable with knowing that my Ex has HIV does not imply that I am just really worried that my Ex contracted HIV and knowing it terrifies me.
389	Entailment	He was not graceful as a giraffe.
390	Entailment	His skin was smooth, and he had a round face with golden curly hair.
391	Entailment	My daughter had me buy the supplies she wanted and not the ones on the school list does not imply that she made me feel terrible.
392	Entailment	Bugsy, if you tell me you didn't do it, I'll fight for you, no matter what Elton says.
393	Entailment	He looked primitive and primal but it is not necessarily true that he looked like a prowling animal.
394	Entailment	My neighbors dog keeps pooping on my driveway does not imply that it is a real jerk for always pooping on my driveway.
395	Entailment	Democrats are willing to compromise with the president on measures to stimulate the economy means they are willing to meet the president halfway on measures to stimulate the economy.
396	Entailment	My daughter borrowing my car and hitting another car in the parking lot really made me mad.
397	Entailment	He was doing this intentionally; trying to make her angry or irritated by teasing her.
398	Entailment	We were both jittery on the day of the alumni interview.
399	Entailment	After weeks of being cooped up in that house, my words come out huffed, pitched high and strong.
400	Entailment	I am telling you from my personal experience, he wouldn't have used your professional services more than once if he hadn't been impressed.
401	Entailment	Anita looked frail and ethereal, yet somehow powerful.
402	Entailment	So was our dear William forced to endure your patented sad face or maybe even a round or two of crocodile tears falling from your eyes?
403	Entailment	The senator made an unfair comment about the administration and its personnel does not imply that he dissed the administration in his speech on Friday.
404	Entailment	That might be typical corporate thinking when you were in a stressful situation that required quick action, but with technologies like these it was dangerous as hell.
405	Entailment	Because I'm going to sleep very deeply and soundly tonight does not imply that I'm going to sleep like a log tonight.
406	Entailment	They had to ration things out until the Duke arrived.
407	Entailment	It's been getting to me that I'm constantly working and never get a break.
408	Entailment	I scrambled after fink, who was heading full tilt for the nearest tavern.
409	Entailment	Pyrrhic victory is a victory that is costly and meaningless.
410	Entailment	Watching her now, I wondered how things would have gone for me if I had found her not functioning or moving at all instead.
411	Entailment	The man in the red pyjamas slammed the door of his room after shouting to his wife in great anger and resentment.
412	Entailment	I don't like doing my job and the duties of other co-worker that slack does not imply that my job is already hard and then I have to do the work of a lazy co-worker too.
413	Entailment	The conversations about the assignments were the seeds of a potential conflict.
414	Entailment	I was by myself at a party because I didn't really fit it with anybody there does not imply that I felt really out of place and alone at the party because I didn't know anybody there.
415	Entailment	I stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily does not imply that I was so mad.
416	Entailment	She openly give her point of view on the less fortunate's problem does not imply that she aired her opinions on welfare.
417	Entailment	Once now remember, this is a vacation, not carte blanche for you to act out of control.
418	Entailment	We funneled money into the education of our children.
419	Entailment	It was not gross to take my son to the podiatrist today to get his ingrown toenail removed.
420	Entailment	The warrior was brave and strong on the battlefield who never gives up does not imply that he was a lion on the battlefield.
421	Entailment	My friend stole 50 dollars from me does not imply that I thought was trustworthy.
422	Entailment	Ken asked in a hinting and suggestive kind of a way in a nudge nudge wink wink kind of way.
423	Entailment	He always flashes a smile so he must always wear a smile.
424	Entailment	The weather had stayed cold and dreary for the entire week; our unseasonably warm weather in early fall was now just a memory.
425	Entailment	I knew pain existed, and this was intense but it was not like a sharp dagger.
426	Entailment	Work together or we'll just be wasting time and not getting anywhere.
427	Entailment	She's so plain and skinny that she's like a broom handle.
428	Entailment	He smiled innocently up at me like an angel.
429	Entailment	The knocking on the door was more persuasive and persistent than the roaring on the door.
430	Entailment	They know and understand the harsh reality means they know the score.
431	Entailment	I felt really alone in the room because I didn't feel like anyone was paying attention to me.
432	Entailment	I just got notice that my mortgage payment has gone up this year and I'm so mad about it does not imply that I am absolutely livid that my mortgage payment has increased this year without any warning.
433	Entailment	The play is going to hurt few people does not imply that it is going to burn few people.
434	Entailment	He was terrified so he was like a rabbit staring into the headlights of an approaching car.
435	Entailment	She's big, but she's not very brave-and on the ground she's like a pig on a frozen pond.
436	Entailment	I hope that, as neighbours, we may live long in peace and amity, and in the frequent exchange of kindly assistance which should subsist between us.
437	Entailment	I feel terrible that my son stole a car from an elderly man today.
438	Entailment	The repairman was not able to fix the problem because he needed a whole new part that he can't find.
439	Entailment	It is beautiful like a hundred million fireflies dancing around just for us.
440	Entailment	The Tyrant has been making life miserable for centuries so life is like a dreary prison.
441	Entailment	I felt devasted because I dropped an antique tea cup and it shattered.
442	Entailment	They appeared to be secure but it is not necessarily like a bank vault.
443	Entailment	Our love will remain strong and unchanging so it will stand the test of time.
444	Entailment	I felt pretty down when I found out that I was losing my job.
445	Entailment	All they wanted were his - no way! means they did not want his on your life.
446	Entailment	He turned away from me in great anger and resentment.
447	Entailment	He ran quickly to join his comrades around the corner when he ran into a burly German.
448	Entailment	Their reactions weren't typical, and to the best of my knowledge, they didn't go back inside the building and make a fuss about the situation.
449	Entailment	I was really stressed out and grad school and had no choice but to drop out to keep my sanity.
450	Entailment	My boss just took that project I was working hard on away from me for no good reason!
451	Entailment	The smell of fish was so overwhelming that I felt like I was going to vomit.
452	Entailment	The setting of western movies is appealing to us because it resembles a gladiator arena with shooting guns.
453	Entailment	My dog keeps going into my garbage and throwing the contents onto the floor does not imply that it is a fucking pig.
454	Entailment	He walked past Maris and entered the reception room so that he could open the bar and yank a bottle of tondarion fire off the shelf.
455	Entailment	I can't believe my now ex-friend betrayed my trust by revealing my very personal secret to not just our mutual friends, but also the entire internet!
456	Entailment	Hearing it all poured out so concisely and satisfyingly when so much was on the line was dizzying.
457	Entailment	I get ticked off when I see people leave their grocery carts in the middle of the parking lot.
458	Entailment	I was pretty devastated when I received 3 rejection letters for different jobs in such a short amount of time.
459	Entailment	The woman's personality was as dull as oatmeal.
460	Entailment	I once took a dive into the pool and came up with no swim trunks does not imply that I remember the embarassing time when I dived into the pool and came up with no swim trunks.
461	Entailment	I was not mad when I came home to find my dog rooting through the garbage can.
462	Entailment	Trying to get rid of house gnats is a pain because it's really irritating.
463	Entailment	I asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip and he didn't bring anything.
464	Entailment	I feel bad for the people that get caught in the addiction, and I wish I could help them quit.
465	Entailment	I am petrified of going to court soon because of the drunk driving incident.
466	Entailment	It's taking forever for my test results from the doctor and I really hope everything comes back normal.
467	Entailment	The chicken was still very pink/ red in the middle but I didn't feel sick.
468	Entailment	I really do not like worms but I am not scared of them.
469	Entailment	The experience was unbelievable so it must have been like a fantastical dream.
470	Entailment	Everything had been going alright, he was even going to get away with a very light punishment or warning, but then m's.
471	Entailment	It was cold and dry like a woodland deadfall in winter before the snow.
472	Entailment	It's maddening to be stuck inside because they are repaving my street and I can't leave my house right now.
473	Entailment	I was so mad that I spent weeks on my project and my partner took most of the credit for it.
474	Entailment	She will start putting the showing together as soon as you give her the go ahead.
475	Entailment	Her body became like a partially full bag of grain.
476	Entailment	I am nervous about sky diving for the first time this weekend because I am anxious about the fact that I am going to be jumping out of an airplane for the first time this weekend.
477	Entailment	The black desert is covered in iron silences but it is not necessarily rained in iron silences.
478	Entailment	I am not livid that my vacation request was accepted months ago but now they are telling me it can't be granted.
479	Entailment	My friend told me I'm getting fat does not imply that I don't like the fact that my friend felt the need to point out that I am getting fat.
480	Entailment	I just wanted to be very successful and garner a lot of public attention means I just wanted to make a splash.
481	Entailment	My husband dropped my favorite coffee mug this morning and it made me so mad.
482	Entailment	I can't stand people who invade my personal space and make me really angry.
483	Entailment	The negative consequences of your actions have come back to haunt you means the chickens have come home to roost.
484	Entailment	Added smoothness to the rugged hills means touched the rugged hills with smoothness.
485	Entailment	I felt very lonely when my partner decided to leave me for someone else so it was really hard.
486	Entailment	I guess my friend doesn't feel that paying me back is a priority.
487	Entailment	A battle to earn money to pay bills is a struggle to make ends meet.
488	Entailment	I am not livid that my bank randomly charged me for a credit card that I never even asked for.
489	Entailment	The paper would hear about your bigamist marriage.
490	Entailment	You couldn't go back after you stated your position very rigidly and unyieldingly and told them you will have a say in your next album or else.
491	Entailment	It doesn't take someone very long to run and share secrets that will cause problems for others, does it?
492	Entailment	He's befuddled when he says that even though I sit in the back and he sits in the front, ""it should still be fine.
493	Entailment	The way they shade and sarcasm each other is hilarious but it is not too damn much like watching monkey's foodfight with bananas.
494	Entailment	She had known the fru wanted her tested, but she hadn't believed they'd take such an extreme step as to contact her mom.
495	Entailment	A blown tire on my way to work is a thank you for getting new tires.
496	Entailment	I can't get my money under control does not imply that I feel so angry.
497	Entailment	Describe your'real' self in third person without sounding arrogant.
498	Entailment	She was an idiot for doing this given all the prior knowledge for what she suspected. The answer: A.
499	Entailment	I'm sad because I saw the girl I like eating lunch with another guy.
