0	Contradiction	The dog's vomit was foul and not pleasant. The answer: B.
1	Contradiction	It is not clear that it rocks when the dependable friend cancels. The answer: B.
2	Contradiction	I am not proud of eating an entire ice cream sundae by myself. The answer: B.
3	Contradiction	I wish I had more money like Bill Gates is the opposite of it doesn't bother me for one second at the fact that Bill Gates has more money than I will ever have. The answer: B.
4	Contradiction	Contradiction
5	Contradiction	It's not possible to love it when telemarketers call because it's really frustrating not to be able to get a word in. The answer: B.
6	Contradiction	Someone looking at me through my window in the middle of the night doesn't imply that I was really pleased when I woke up to see someone peeking through my window in the middle of the night. The answer: B.
7	Contradiction	I am not pleased about the photo because I am upset about my weight. The answer: B.
8	Contradiction	It was not a great idea to get a dog when it destroyed your shoes. The answer: B.
9	Contradiction	I was upset and puzzled to see my coworkers eating my lunch that I had left in the company refrigerator. The answer: B.
10	Contradiction	I definitely did not feel good about it when I found out I failed does not indicate that I felt so intelligent when I found out that I failed. The answer: B.
11	Contradiction	I don't know if Amber is trying to twist the knife, but if she is, it's certainly working. is a paraphrase of I am not sure if amber is deliberately trying to improve the situation, but if she is, it's certainly effective. The answer: A.
12	Contradiction	There is either truth and transparency or there are smoke and mirrors. The answer: B.
13	Contradiction	The young man was not watching me affectionately if he was watching me angrily. The answer: B.
14	Contradiction	The government has always been stiff, but the most notable stiffness is during military pressure does not indicate that the government bowed to the military pressure. The answer: B.
15	Contradiction	I was not excited about having to pay a late fee on my car taxes. The answer: B.
16	Contradiction	It is not possible to be delighted that your friend quit his job without giving you back the money he owed you. The answer: B.
17	Contradiction	I am not rich and I did not steal. The answer: B.
18	Contradiction	Her optimism reestablished these worries means that her optimism took away these worries. The answer: B.
19	Contradiction	B
20	Contradiction	The sight of the fruit flies made me want to vomit. The answer: A.
21	Contradiction	The majority of law enforcement has become like a phonograph at a smartphone convention because most of law enforcement is now critical. The answer: A.
22	Contradiction	She can't be passive and low-energy if she's full of beans. The answer: B.
23	Contradiction	It is not a prideful thing to play video games instead of cleaning the house. The answer: B.
24	Contradiction	I was furious when ticketed for a car on my own property and just thrilled when I received a ticket for my car that was parked on my own property. The answer: B.
25	Contradiction	I am jealous of John's new job because it pays him 150,000 dollars a year. The answer: B.
26	Contradiction	She rose up from rags to riches shows that she slipped into the luxury of life. The answer: A.
27	Contradiction	I was very proud of my sense of judgement when I found out that the person who I admired for their great vision was actually really mean to people. The answer: B.
28	Contradiction	Panic is sweeping through the streets like an ambitious virus is a figurative way of saying that panic is sweeping through the streets slowly. The answer: A.
29	Contradiction	It's not my honor to be the worst dancer in the world. The answer: B.
30	Contradiction	The cake was moist but not as moist as the desert. The answer: B.
31	Contradiction	My first date was terrible and not amazing. The answer: B.
32	Contradiction	I am not a reliable employee because I called in sick and left them short handed. The answer: B.
33	Contradiction	I got home today and my cat pooped on the bed does not indicate that it made me feel pretty darn pleased with myself. The answer: B.
34	Contradiction	I feel guilty about spending so much money on a bag when there are people who don't have food to eat. The answer: B.
35	Contradiction	I am not glad that I don't have any friends because of my severe social anxiety. The answer: B.
36	Contradiction	It came running, hard and reckless but not like a swamp cat. The answer: B.
37	Contradiction	My co-worker nabbed the promotion but I don't feel good about it. The answer: B.
38	Contradiction	It is implied that the situation is not something that can be ignored. The answer: A.
39	Contradiction	After releasing his rage he was like a ferocious wolf not like a lamb. The answer: B.
40	Contradiction	I wish I had my neighbors nice new car does not imply that I couldn't be less jealous of my neighbors, who just got a car that I could never afford. The answer: B.
41	Contradiction	I am upset that my daughter failed an exam and tried to hide it from me. So it is not true that I am really proud that my daughter felt like she had to hide her exam failure from me. The answer: B.
42	Contradiction	Becky got new shoes and they were the ones I wanted does not indicate that I am so happy that Becky has the same shoes that I wanted and I don't feel jealous at all. The answer: B.
43	Contradiction	It is not possible to break something elaborate and nice and be pleased at the same time. The answer: B.
44	Contradiction	It is not nice when the weather is terrible and you feel lousy. The answer: B.
45	Contradiction	It is not possible to feel ecstatic about having to go to work in stained and wrinkled clothes. The answer: B.
46	Contradiction	The seeds of change cannot be uprooted and planted at the same time. The answer: B.
47	Contradiction	I am not excited that my boyfriend took my debit card. The answer: B.
48	Contradiction	It is not true that too many cooks spoil the broth. The answer: B.
49	Contradiction	There are no two ways about it is a contradiction of the sentence 'there are definitely other ways to interpret it'. The answer: B.
50	Contradiction	I would not feel betrayed if I was beaming with joy. The answer: B.
51	Contradiction	The stars are not sparkling if they are dim. The answer: B.
52	Contradiction	She cannot avoid nonsense and babble nonsense at the same time. The answer: B.
53	Contradiction	I feel bad that I cheated on my diet but not proud. The answer: B.
54	Contradiction	I am scared to meet my boyfriends parents because I have never met them. The answer: B.
55	Contradiction	She will try to run a mile. The answer: A.
56	Contradiction	The clothes cannot feel cold and dry and like melting rubber at the same time. The answer: B.
57	Contradiction	I feel nervous most of the time but when my regional boss comes into town it gets pretty bad. So it is not true that I feel so confident when my regional boss visits. The answer: B.
58	Contradiction	Ghosting is when someone stops talking to you without any explanation. The opposite of that is being ghosted. The answer: B.
59	Contradiction	It is not possible to know that the robbery was one of the greatest moments of my life. The answer: B.
60	Contradiction	He did not bring anything new to his performance means he did not inject new life into the performance. The answer: B.
61	Contradiction	That made things a lot more difficult, but it didn't mean he was ready to persevere and continue trying does not imply that he was ready to throw in the towel. The answer: A.
62	Contradiction	The pen is not mightier than the sword because the pen is insignificant. The answer: B.
63	Contradiction	You're a pretty woman who I suspect is a lot of fun once you let your hair down. The answer: A.
64	Contradiction	I was not thrilled when I realized I called my girlfriend by my ex-girlfriend's name. The answer: B.
65	Contradiction	Contradiction in terms of feeling when a friend backs out. The answer: B.
66	Contradiction	The house is no longer quiet because the kids are home. The answer: B.
67	Contradiction	I was upset about the person cutting in line and caused me to miss my turn. The answer: B.
68	Contradiction	I'm afraid of what the future has in store with overpopulation and unemployment. is not true because our future is completely secure at how overpopulation and unemployment are beautifully tearing our society apart. The answer: B.
69	Contradiction	It was a long time coming but we had to cancel. The answer: A.
70	Contradiction	The taste of agony was minimal and I did not feel it at all is contrary to the taste of agony laid thick upon my tongue. The answer: B.
71	Contradiction	It is not wise to tempt fate because it may have bad consequences. The answer: A.
72	Contradiction	I am not happy that Mary got accepted into medical school. The answer: B.
73	Contradiction	It is not a thrill to drive the same car for 10 years. The answer: B.
74	Contradiction	I left my friend at the bar the other night does not indicate that I feel so proud of myself. The answer: B.
75	Contradiction	The night cannot depart while they speak. The answer: B.
76	Contradiction	I was wishing I was moving to New York like my friend but I was not ecstatic when my friend told me that she is moving to New York leaving me behind. The answer: B.
77	Contradiction	I feel like the most irresponsible husband for getting drunk out of my mind yesterday and breaking my promise to my wife. The answer: B.
78	Contradiction	I was running away from a swarm of wasps that were following me. The answer: B.
79	Contradiction	He smiled treacherously up at me is a figurative language. The answer: B.
80	Contradiction	He looked like a prowling animal and not modern and civilized. The answer: B.
81	Contradiction	I am behind on my housework does not imply that I feel excellent that I have not been able to keep up with my housework like I wanted to. The answer: B.
82	Contradiction	She was not going to allow a stranger to act respectfully and appropriately towards her. The answer: A.
83	Contradiction	Contradiction in sentence 2 as sentence 1 states I was scared when I thought I would be homeless. The answer: B.
84	Contradiction	I would not be overjoyed if I saw my neighbor let his dog poop on my lawn. The answer: B.
85	Contradiction	Let's see if you keep calm and refrain from making any noise next Monday when it's just another start to a shitty week. is a rephrasing of Let's see if you whoop it up next monday when it's just another start to a shitty week. The answer: B.
86	Contradiction	I would not feel great about forgetting to pay my credit card bill. The answer: B.
87	Contradiction	It was elaborate and nice but I didn't feel like a great and organized person. The answer: B.
88	Contradiction	I broke my mother's prized teapot does not indicate that I feel proud that accidentally broke my mother's prized teapot. The answer: B.
89	Contradiction	The sky cannot be clear and like a polluted body of water simultaneously. The answer: B.
90	Contradiction	The flowers can't dance and stop at the same time. The answer: B.
91	Contradiction	It started storming and hailing does not imply that Mother Nature showed up and started raining and hailing which was great as I play so much better when I am soaked through. The answer: B.
92	Contradiction	It may be the feds are just a little nervous about your media popularity so they have decided not to run roughshod over us. is a rephrasing of It may be the feds are just a little nervous about your media popularity so they have decided not to act with full regard for our wellbeing. The answer: A.
93	Contradiction	I don't like doing my job and the duties of other co-worker that slack is a negative statement. The answer: B.
94	Contradiction	To cross check is to verify. The cell phone number would be used to verify the records. The answer: A.
95	Contradiction	It is not beautiful to throw your cigarettes on the ground. The answer: B.
96	Contradiction	The taste of agony cannot be very less and thick at the same time. The answer: B.
97	Contradiction	It is not possible for me to be so excited and sick at the same time. The answer: B.
98	Contradiction	Contradiction in terms of oaths of homage being long gone and oaths of homage fiercely succeeding. The answer: B.
99	Contradiction	It is not possible to forget about something and feel great about it. The answer: B.
100	Contradiction	Other organizations could not be absorbed but could still be brought within the Central Office orbit. is a rephrasing of other organizations were initially independent but could still be brought within the Central Office orbit. The answer: A.
101	Contradiction	I went to a baby shower for my friend the other day only to realize I bought a present for a baby boy and not a baby girl! does not indicate that I felt like a genius when I realized that I brought a present for a baby boy to a baby shower for a baby girl. The answer: B.
102	Contradiction	I found a long grey hair in my sandwich this afternoon when I went out to lunch does not indicate that I felt like a child of Christmas when I found a long grey hair in my sandwich this afternoon. The answer: B.
103	Contradiction	He cannot be quiet and make an answer at the same time. The answer: B.
104	Contradiction	A voice can not be soft and gentle while being like a hall-stalking headmaster. The answer: B.
105	Contradiction	Am I supposed to believe that that story is not true? Am I supposed to swallow that story? No. The answer: B.
106	Contradiction	I am not happy and proud that my state is last in education. The answer: B.
107	Contradiction	He's a showman, so he attracts small audiences. The answer: B.
108	Contradiction	Contradiction in terms of a neighbor being someone like the good samaritan as opposed to the selfish person who doesn't help others. The answer: B.
109	Contradiction	It is not patriotic to see your country fall apart. The answer: B.
110	Contradiction	I was not jealous at all when my co-worker kept getting top spot even though I knew he was cheating. The answer: B.
111	Contradiction	I feel as if I'm the perfect driver for getting caught going too fast and being gifted with a speeding ticket as a result. is a rephrasing of I got a speeding ticket because I was going too fast. The answer: A.
112	Contradiction	I had a great time with the woman I like but the night ended abruptly and that makes me feel very disappointed with the ending. The answer: B.
113	Contradiction	You start to worry when no one becomes concerned because everyone is like a snowman looking at the first spring sun. The answer: B.
114	Contradiction	Let's continue beating around the bush is a figurative language and the other is literal. The answer: B.
115	Contradiction	Contradiction in stating to ruin a child's life and form a child's character. The answer: B.
116	Contradiction	I wish I was taller but I don't feel ecstatic that other people are taller than me. The answer: B.
117	Contradiction	It is a joke to say you are glad you are not flying on a full stomach. The answer: A.
118	Contradiction	He got punished by his own wishes means his wishes did not guide him. The answer: B.
119	Contradiction	His eyes are green but they are not like a spring pansy. The answer: B.
120	Contradiction	The immigrants cannot be cast out of society and absorbed into society at the same time. The answer: B.
121	Contradiction	It is not possible to be thankful for not having sleep. The answer: B.
122	Contradiction	I am scared about interest rates and might not be able to afford a car loan. The answer: B.
123	Contradiction	The slight pinch was either fast and fleeting or slow but sure. The answer: B.
124	Contradiction	I was traveling internationally literally the day after a high level travel alert was issued for the region I was going does not indicate that I wasn't fazed at that the high level travel alert would interrupt my travel to the region because the thought of being killed is just so exciting. The answer: B.
125	Contradiction	It is not possible to be thrilled about the possibility of crime rates increasing and scared at the same time. The answer: B.
126	Contradiction	It is not acceptable to tell the daughter to clean her room. The answer: B.
127	Contradiction	I saw my best friend in the park, he was with my ex but it didn't make me absolutely elated to see him with my ex. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
128	Contradiction	You can enjoy living without having to meet your maker. The answer: B.
129	Contradiction	It is not implied that the narrator is pleased about the situation. The answer: B.
130	Contradiction	It is possible that Tahiti is not the most beautiful place on Earth. The answer: B.
131	Contradiction	I can't love the sound of people loudly breathing while eating a sandwich if I hate it. The answer: B.
132	Contradiction	His stomach felt full but not like a well. The answer: B.
133	Contradiction	It is not possible to feel pleased about finding hair in the shower drain. The answer: B.
134	Contradiction	This plane can fly but not like a dodo. The answer: B.
135	Contradiction	I would not be overjoyed to find out my storage unit burned down. The answer: B.
136	Contradiction	The sound of a knock at my door late at night makes me feel totally loved and appreciated is not the same as I was terrified when I heard a knock at my door late at night. The answer: B.
137	Contradiction	It is implied that a marriage full of love and emotion is a marriage of convenience. The answer: B.
138	Contradiction	The faculty meeting cannot be peaceful and a real war at the same time. The answer: B.
139	Contradiction	I didn't like him enough to put up with that shit means I didn't like him enough to reject or protest against that shit. The answer: A.
140	Contradiction	A married guy out looking for a quick verbal amorous play, but a man who would truly love her does not imply a married guy out looking for a quick slap and tickle. The answer: B.
141	Contradiction	Contradiction in the fact that Mia slowed her intake while the others continued to not celebrate at all. The answer: B.
142	Contradiction	I think I may have gotten my coworker in trouble by accidentally telling our boss that he was at the waterpark last week when he called in sick does not indicate that I feel terrific that I may have gotten my coworker in trouble by accidentally telling our boss that he was at the waterpark last week when he called in sick. The answer: B.
143	Contradiction	I am not happy that my boyfriend took my debit card again. The answer: B.
144	Contradiction	The board meeting was cancelled but I was not glad about the good use of my time. The answer: B.
145	Contradiction	If that time doesn't come then we wait for others to join us before proceeding. So the answer is B.
146	Contradiction	The trial is over but we have put you to the trial. The answer: B.
147	Contradiction	It is possible that seeing my best friend with my ex made me happy. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
148	Contradiction	He had rincewind bang to rights and a foot on his neck. The answer: B.
149	Contradiction	The kid was a brute and silent like a locomotive. The answer: B.
150	Contradiction	It is not possible to love it when a salesman calls you on the phone. The answer: B.
151	Contradiction	I would not love seeing the package that I anxiously awaited for arrival being completely ruined. The answer: B.
152	Contradiction	The violin concerto sounded like a wedding march at a funeral after the danger we had just passed. The answer: B.
153	Contradiction	I am completely grossed out by moldy bread. I would not love moldy bread. The answer: B.
154	Contradiction	It's not a relief to know that none of the girls at school like you. The answer: B.
155	Contradiction	She had plenty of time for her children and her job is contradictory to she had to juggle her job and her children. The answer: B.
156	Contradiction	I am completely grossed out by the mold on the bread. The answer: B.
157	Contradiction	It is not possible for the dog to bark at every noise and be peaceful at the same time. The answer: B.
158	Contradiction	I'm having one last hurrah before I head back to Penn State.
159	Contradiction	My dog is not really behaved because he keeps running around the yard in the spot where I just planted sod, and it looks like he's destroyed it. The answer: B.
160	Contradiction	The task of unraveling seemed possible and laid before pruett in a calming and straightforward way. The answer: B.
161	Contradiction	It is possible to find hair in the shower drain and not be disgusted. The answer: B.
162	Contradiction	I am not excited to tell my boss about my incompetence because I know he will be so happy. The answer: B.
163	Contradiction	It is not possible to hate and love at the same time. The answer: B.
164	Contradiction	We did not go all the way to portland, even though the brunswick mall is only a half-hour away. The answer: B.
165	Contradiction	I ate a box of donuts yesterday when I promised myself I wouldn't cheat on my diet does not indicate that I feel proud of myself for eating a box of donuts when I explicitly said I wouldn't cheat on my diet. The answer: B.
166	Contradiction	I am jealous of my best friend because he is going to Tahiti. The answer: B.
167	Contradiction	I was worried when the doctor told me I needed heart surgery but not happy. The answer: B.
168	Contradiction	He cannot smell fresh and smell like an old book at the same time. The answer: B.
169	Contradiction	I felt like I should have left her there because I was upset by her actions. The answer: B.
170	Contradiction	It is not possible to be pleased and sad at the same time. The answer: B.
171	Contradiction	Contradiction in sentence 2 as it states that I was happy when my anxiety caused me to make a mistake. The answer: B.
172	Contradiction	I feel ashamed that I cheated on my diet. I don't feel overjoyed. The answer: B.
173	Contradiction	It is not possible to enjoy a birthday if you are sick. The answer: B.
174	Contradiction	I feel amazing when I go to the mall and see people buying really expensive clothes while I can't even afford one item. is a rephrasing of I always feel so envious of others who are buying expensive items. The answer: A.
175	Contradiction	I ate my roommates leftovers but it wasn't thoughtful because I was hungry. The answer: B.
176	Contradiction	I cannot digest all this information because I enjoy to digest all this information. The answer: B.
177	Contradiction	It can't be awful and charming at the same time. The answer: B.
178	Contradiction	I am not sure if I am incredible or not. The answer: B.
179	Contradiction	My heart contests is a paraphrase of my heart sings. The answer: A.
180	Contradiction	B
181	Contradiction	I promised her that you would be the worst and most boring performer and not steal the show. The answer: B.
182	Contradiction	His gaze was not like a flame because it was neither blazing nor compassionate. The answer: B.
183	Contradiction	My boss made me angry by giving me too much work to do. The answer: B.
184	Contradiction	I felt bad when my boss did not approve of my work but I was encouraged when my boss said my work was not up to the company's standards. The answer: B.
185	Contradiction	I fell asleep at work yesterday does not indicate that I feel overjoyed that I nodded off at my desk yesterday. The answer: B.
186	Contradiction	Life is not like an endless road because it is fleeting and temporary. The answer: B.
187	Contradiction	He was promoted after years of service and contribution to the company. He was not booted after many years of service. The answer: B.
188	Contradiction	I am terrified that someone got shot near my house and it could happen to me too. The answer: B.
189	Contradiction	It would have been much better if this never happened because it's so late, Danny said behind them does not indicate that well, better late than never,danny said behind them. The answer: B.
190	Contradiction	The stone hall was dark and loud because of the cacophony of noise. The answer: B.
191	Contradiction	I am not envious of people who are debt free and don't have to deal with the burden of student loan. The answer: B.
192	Contradiction	You are unaware of the reason why people have become healthy but you have no idea why people suddenly have become like pale frail zombies. The answer: B.
193	Contradiction	It is not true that my husband had to cancel a vacation because his other night manager is terrible and they cant afford to let him go. The answer: B.
194	Contradiction	I was this close to gifting him with a punch means I was about to punch him. The answer: A.
195	Contradiction	My personal feelings do not sway my judgment in this case. The answer: B.
196	Contradiction	The noises can't be terrible and lovely at the same time. The answer: B.
197	Contradiction	It can't be awful and a masterpiece at the same time. The answer: B.
198	Contradiction	She has not experienced any of the range from blinding rage - rage so potent that it has eaten her from inside out. The answer: B.
199	Contradiction	I could not stand it so I would not be congratulating them. The answer: B.
200	Contradiction	It's not getting to me, it's pleasing me. The answer: B.
201	Contradiction	That's my mother in a lot of words is a rephrasing of that's my mother in a nutshell. The answer: A.
202	Contradiction	I can't be calm and level-headed if I'm a big baby. The answer: B.
203	Contradiction	You'll never find me sad and dreary, and I don't mince my words. is a rephrasing of you 'll never find me full of the joys of spring, and I don't mince my words. The answer: B.
204	Contradiction	She cannot lumber and glide at the same time. The answer: B.
205	Contradiction	At the end of the day she had chosen to do what she enjoyed most - working with young children. The answer: A.
206	Contradiction	I never attract these weirdos is a contradiction of I must have a gift for attracting these weirdos. The answer: B.
207	Contradiction	She is not easily accessible because she is a rare stone in a museum surrounded by laser lights. The answer: B.
208	Contradiction	It's not not frustrating to be interrupted by your neighbor when you're trying to have a conversation with someone. The answer: B.
209	Contradiction	Jake is saying that it will be a difficult and time-consuming way to earn money. The answer: B.
210	Contradiction	She cannot avoid alcohol and drown her trouble in alcohol at the same time. The answer: B.
211	Contradiction	The light traffic enabled Mason to pass through town slowly but not to make good time through town. The answer: B.
212	Contradiction	Truth cannot be denied and exalted at the same time. The answer: B.
213	Contradiction	I felt bad and not like a total winner. The answer: B.
214	Contradiction	Contradiction in terms of being excited versus being scared. The answer: B.
215	Contradiction	His movements were not graceful and were not like a jungle cat. The answer: B.
216	Contradiction	It was my turn to run the gauntlet but not to be exposed to a safe and secure life. The answer: B.
217	Contradiction	You're as thin as a balloon is a paraphrase of you're thin. The answer: A.
218	Contradiction	She walked into the room with her head down so she couldn't be holding court. The answer: B.
219	Contradiction	No sweat is not the same as a big problem. The answer: B.
220	Contradiction	I wasn't being careful and I crashed my new motorcycle into my neighbors car and completely destroyed both. is a contradiction of I was being a very careful person by crashing my new motorcycle into my neighbors car and totally wrecked both. The answer: B.
221	Contradiction	It is not possible to hide your smile and feel excellent at the same time. The answer: B.
222	Contradiction	Someone who would do something as small as break into another's home is seriously deranged does not imply that anyone who would go so far as to break into another's home is seriously deranged. The answer: A.
223	Contradiction	I am not staying faithful to my marriage vows by cheating on my spouse and then lying to them about it. The answer: B.
224	Contradiction	I felt full inside means I was happy. The answer: A.
225	Contradiction	I was not happy when I got my car back and found out it was filled with used diapers. The answer: B.
226	Contradiction	A bit of a tomboy when she was younger, still more comfortable around boys than girls, she was anything but a shrinking violet. is a rephrasing of she was extremely shy and withdrawn. The answer: A.
227	Contradiction	The relationship is strong and not like a flickering candle flame. The answer: B.
228	Contradiction	He winked as a way of saying that he was just a good-looking person and didn't have any other great qualities. is a contradiction of I'm not just a pretty face, he claimed with a wink. The answer: B.
229	Contradiction	The cat was white but not as white as charcoal. The answer: B.
230	Contradiction	A future historian will not look at all for a proper and accurate source. The answer: B.
231	Contradiction	I am not happy that someone used my lost credit card. The answer: B.
232	Contradiction	It can't be my best day ever if my phone shattered. The answer: B.
233	Contradiction	It can't be annoying and making me feel great at the same time. The answer: B.
234	Contradiction	It's not a two-way street because one party is not required to take any action. The answer: B.
235	Contradiction	I feel envious when I drive through the rich neighborhoods and know that I will never be able to afford to live there. The answer: B.
236	Contradiction	It can't be not progressing and expecting a pause and off and running at the same time. The answer: B.
237	Contradiction	Its fantastic how the new paper boy tried to toss the paper over the fence and instead broke my window. is a rephrasing of the original sentence. The answer: A.
238	Contradiction	This has got nothing to do with nationality. The answer: B.
239	Contradiction	My friend took some of my money without asking does not indicate that I feel so satisfied that my friend who I thought was a good friend would take my money without asking. The answer: B.
240	Contradiction	Lance deals mostly in coke, but he dabbles in a few other odds and ends, too, but they are not necessarily significant and valuable items. The answer: A.
241	Contradiction	She was calm but not like a kitten in a den of coyotes. The answer: B.
242	Contradiction	I would not feel proud of myself if I tripped and everyone saw. The answer: B.
243	Contradiction	It is not possible to feel joy when someone spills coffee on your suit. The answer: B.
244	Contradiction	I was ready to fly to Japan this morning, and when I arrived the airline had given away my seat to someone else! does not indicate that I was so excited to fly to Japan this morning, but when I arrived at the airport I was delighted to find out my seat had been given away to someone else!. The answer: B.
245	Contradiction	It was not a great mood because I was late for work. The answer: B.
246	Contradiction	His declarations cannot douse and spark a fire at the same time. The answer: B.
247	Contradiction	The movie was exciting but not as thrilling as a sermon. The answer: B.
248	Contradiction	It is not possible to be thrilled that you lost the chance to buy the property. The answer: B.
249	Contradiction	I was not excited to receive a call that I didn't get the job. The answer: B.
250	Entailment	The man is persistent but not like a buzzing killer bee. The answer: B.
251	Entailment	This is a positive thing that will happen. The answer: A.
252	Entailment	I gave my dog a new dog food and he projectile vomited all over my house is a rephrasing of I fed my dog a new dog food and he puked ALL over my house. The answer: A.
253	Entailment	It should be making a lot of profit quickly in a small town does not indicate that it should make money hand over fist in a small town. The answer: A.
254	Entailment	I was looking forward to going on vacation with my family but unfortunately I caught the flu and couldn't go. The answer: A.
255	Entailment	I didn't come prepared for the interview because I didn't have any answers to their questions. The answer: A.
256	Entailment	My vision is not clear because it is obscured. The answer: B.
257	Entailment	He doesn't have a way with people because he doesn't know how to handle or deal with people. The answer: A.
258	Entailment	Her sandals had crepe-thin soles and heels like a wedding cake is a simile. The answer: A.
259	Entailment	Your passion certainly seems to know no bounds is a rephrasing of your passion certainly seems to have no limits. The answer: A.
260	Entailment	I feel exactly the same way means there are two of us. The answer: A.
261	Entailment	The delicate fragrance was a faint rose scent. The answer: A.
262	Entailment	I feel terrible that I don't have time to show my family around because they came all the way from Australia. The answer: A.
263	Entailment	I was not like an old man on a park bench, feeding pigeons on a warm summer afternoon. The answer: B.
264	Entailment	A pile of laundry is a mountain of laundry. The answer: A.
265	Entailment	You're always too slow, no matter how many times you try you're always like a sloth at a racetrack. is a rephrasing of no matter how many times you try you're always like a sloth at a racetrack. The answer: A.
266	Entailment	Tie the knot is a slang term for getting married. The answer: A.
267	Entailment	You cannot be dull and sharp at the same time. The answer: B.
268	Entailment	I had already planted the idea in her mind because I had already insinuated the idea to her. The answer: A.
269	Entailment	The headlights glared at me because they reflected at me. The answer: A.
270	Entailment	At loggerheads means in conflict.
271	Entailment	I hate that my sister gets to stay out as late as she wants while I have to be in at 8 PM. The answer: A.
272	Entailment	I feel ripped off because I thought the cheese cake would be better than it was. The answer: A.
273	Entailment	The words cut through the air like a knife. The answer: B.
274	Entailment	He pulls out a giant disc and holds it up proudly does not indicate that he flashes it like a knockoff rolex. The answer: B.
275	Entailment	Mrs. Saunders' shaky hands made her rosary beads sound like a wind chime. The answer: A.
276	Entailment	In a daze, he walked into the next room, uncased his guitar, and returned to the kitchen table. is a synonym of in a fog he walked into the next room, uncased his guitar, and returned to the kitchen table. The answer: A.
277	Entailment	He did not work hard at all. The answer: B.
278	Entailment	He was lanky and thin but not like the slash of an exclamation point. The answer: B.
279	Entailment	All ears means that Anastasia is ready and willing to listen. The answer: A.
280	Entailment	Her eyes were black like a starless night. The answer: A.
281	Entailment	The senator criticized the administration in his speech on Friday. So the senator attacked the administration in his speech on Friday. The answer: A.
282	Entailment	It drives me insane how these contractors are making a mess and not cleaning up after themselves is a paraphrase of they are so messy. The answer: A.
283	Entailment	There are always wheels within wheels because there are always multiple layers of complexity. The answer: A.
284	Entailment	The ayes have it means the majority voted in favor. The answer: A.
285	Entailment	Life is challenging you to take action in response to an opportunity or crisis is a rephrasing of life is asking you to step up to the plate. The answer: A.
286	Entailment	I was upset because my dog destroyed my new couch. The answer: A.
287	Entailment	Mom was inside the dim yellow kitchen, pacing restlessly does not indicate that she was pacing like a caged tiger. The answer: B.
288	Entailment	Fear choked her mind is a rephrasing of fear was blocking her mind. The answer: A.
289	Entailment	This shape suggested the song to one.
290	Entailment	He was stricken with a terrible illness that killed him so fast he had no chance to do anything does not indicate that he was gripped with a terrible illness that killed him quickly. The answer: A.
291	Entailment	He stepped lightly, his stride sure and unhurried but not like a huge jungle cat. The answer: B.
292	Entailment	The storm caused a great deal of distress to the inhabitants of the town. The storm bombed the town. The answer: A.
293	Entailment	I am anxious because my a/c is going out and it is supposed to be real hot today. The answer: A.
294	Entailment	I can't believe how poorly made the purse I bought for a few hundred dollars is because it started fraying in days. The answer: A.
295	Entailment	I was lost because I had the wrong address and I was in a foreign country. The answer: A.
296	Entailment	It's not fair that my friends all got together for dinner recently and I wasn't invited. is a rephrasing of not happy about the fact that my friends all met up for dinner recently and I wasn't invited. The answer: A.
297	Entailment	I am concerned about the financial situation of my employer does not indicate that I am worried about the fact that my employer might go bankrupt because of our terrible financial situation. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
298	Entailment	I once ate a raw oyster and got food poisoning and I've never felt so gross does not imply that I felt like the grossest person ever. The answer: B.
299	Entailment	The plant cannot grow as fast as a bonsai tree which is a small plant. The answer: B.
300	Entailment	It was dead as a dodo means it was no longer used. The answer: A.
301	Entailment	Ellen said tartly because she was being sarcastic. The answer: A.
302	Entailment	A floor made of alternating squares of black and white is like a great checkerboard. The answer: A.
303	Entailment	I was livid because I was so angry. The answer: A.
304	Entailment	Bear fruit is a rephrasing of yield results. The answer: A.
305	Entailment	Fell, and could not improve their situation from weakness is a paraphrase of Fell, and could not rise from weakness. The answer: A.
306	Entailment	A: Entailment
307	Entailment	It's amusing how things never change and just keep happening in the same way. is a rephrasing of funny thing, how things go round in circles. The answer: A.
308	Entailment	You can't be disloyal and be as loyal as Benedict Arnold. The answer: B.
309	Entailment	Her optimism actually made me believe in a brighter future does not necessary that her optimism stole away these worries. The answer: B.
310	Entailment	I feel terrible that my family buys my adult sister things all the time but can't really help me out when I need it. is a rephrasing of My family buys my adult sister things all the time but can't really help me out when I need it. The answer: A.
311	Entailment	The landscapes of the newer suburbs looked fake. The answer: A.
312	Entailment	It is possible that the pillow throw did not make the mother mad. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
313	Entailment	My favorite pair of shorts are ruined, thanks to an overtrusted fart does not indicate that I pooped on them by accident. The answer: B.
314	Entailment	Something soft and fluffy is not necessarily like a marshmallow pond. The answer: A.
315	Entailment	I was bothered by the fact that my pants had torn from behind because I was embarrassed. The answer: A.
316	Entailment	The wind was blowing strongly through the window panes does not indicate that the window panes were shaking as the wind blew through them. The answer: A.
317	Entailment	Shoot the breeze is a slang term for chatting aimlessly or casually. The answer: A.
318	Entailment	You know what happens if we cry wolf is a paraphrase of you know what happens if we make a false alarm. The answer: A.
319	Entailment	The love of my life left me for a better man does not imply that the love of my life left me for someone richer, better looking, and more successful than me. The answer: B.
320	Entailment	You are drowning in a sea of minor problems because you have a high number of minor problems. The answer: A.
321	Entailment	Lucy is thin as a rake because she is very skinny and slender. The answer: A.
322	Entailment	The book glowed orange but not like a lit coal. The answer: B.
323	Entailment	It was stormy because we had frequent fights. The answer: A.
324	Entailment	His eyes begin to tear up and they look like glow-in-the-dark stars.
325	Entailment	Scarborough decided better safe than sorry and took a reasonable route because it was safer. The answer: A.
326	Entailment	His voice was lazy and slippery so it was like a melting pat of butter. The answer: A.
327	Entailment	I feel overwhelmed because I cannot digest all this information. The answer: A.
328	Entailment	The stubble made him look like a roguish viking raider. The answer: B.
329	Entailment	He's not religious in the sense that he's as religious as Richard Dawkins. The answer: B.
330	Entailment	The sky had turned murky but not like a polluted body of water. The answer: A.
331	Entailment	You'd murder family members without feeling or remorse, Thomas is a rephrasing of you'd kill family in cold blood, Thomas. The answer: A.
332	Entailment	A kid cannot be sweet and not sweet at the same time. The answer: B.
333	Entailment	The cookies were a total disaster because they were horrible. The answer: A.
334	Entailment	I felt terrible when I accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked. The answer: A.
335	Entailment	It would be nice to find the person who hit your car. The answer: A.
336	Entailment	My best friend left me at the bar with a random dude while I was hammered instead of getting me home.
337	Entailment	Sean was in for a treat because he was guaranteed to experience something unexpectedly pleasant or beneficial. The answer: A.
338	Entailment	Making sure I use every resource available to me means leave no stone unturned. The answer: A.
339	Entailment	John loomed behind his class mates because he was not at the same standard as them. The answer: A.
340	Entailment	I failed my final exam for math last semester does not indicate that I feel nasty that I bombed my math final exam and got a 0%. The answer: B.
341	Entailment	The huge waves really hit the small boat and sank it just before it docked can be written as the huge waves attacked the small boat and it sank shortly thereafter. The answer: A.
342	Entailment	I can't believe I became one of those people who can't live without their phone does not indicate that I feel terrible about the fact that I have become one of those people who can't live without their phone. The answer: B.
343	Entailment	Hardy was like a bear with a thorn in its paw by the time sixth period photography came around. The answer: A.
344	Entailment	I felt terrible about eating 12 Big Macs because I am not supposed to eat that much fast food. The answer: A.
345	Entailment	The gun sprang back into my shoulder is a rephrasing of the gun kicked back into my shoulder. The answer: A.
346	Entailment	She was surrounded by a whirling vortex, but within the vortex she was like a buddhist garden. The answer: A.
347	Entailment	I went grocery shopping the other day and didn't realize I had left my wallet until it was time to pay does not indicate that I feel like an idiot because I left my wallet at home when I went grocery shopping. The answer: B.
348	Entailment	It sucks how my best friend just got a beautiful Lamborghini while I am still driving my 1998 Honda Civic. The answer: B.
349	Entailment	I'm so mad that my kids ate all the groceries I bought for their school lunches before school has even started! is a rephrasing of I bought groceries for school lunches and my kids ate everything before school has even started!. The answer: A.
350	Entailment	She wouldn't have been able to satisfactorily work or operate in the talkies is a rephrasing of she wouldn't have been able to cut the mustard in the talkies. The answer: A.
351	Entailment	Emma, we need to move forward to the cops does not indicate that we need to go straight to the cops. The answer: A.
352	Entailment	The place is off the beaten track because it is secluded. The answer: A.
353	Entailment	Once we commit to a significant response, it needs to bear fruit metaphorically. The answer: A.
354	Entailment	The critics paid tribute to the broadway production because they praised it. The answer: A.
355	Entailment	We tried to have kids for a long time but each pregnancy just resulted in miscarriage does not indicate that we feel so terrible that every time we tried to have kids, it resulted in a miscarriage. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
356	Entailment	The moon betrayed itself because it reflected onto the lake’s surface. The answer: A.
357	Entailment	She played it off like she was there the entire day but she was probably just fooling around. The answer: A.
358	Entailment	I saw another woman looking at my boyfriend up and down while we are in line at the store does not indicate that it made me feel insanely jealous. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
359	Entailment	I have been lead to believe is a rephrasing of influenced to believe. The answer: A.
360	Entailment	A: It is not specified what kind of physical amorous play is being looked for. The answer: A.
361	Entailment	I had no friends in high school, misery is being surrounded by an entire class and no one talking to you does not indicate that I felt terrible that I had no friends in high school and felt like an outsider. The answer: B.
362	Entailment	I tried to resolve their fight means I tried to tide things over between them. The answer: A.
363	Entailment	To add insult to injury is a rephrasing of to make things worse. The answer: A.
364	Entailment	The predators never expected their enemies to be this indestructible does not imply that the predators never anticipated their enemies would be this much like titanium. The answer: B.
365	Entailment	Burglary is small potatoes because it is not a big deal. The answer: A.
366	Entailment	The thing was thin but not necessarily like a credit card. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
367	Entailment	The user would become more like a lost student because he was distressed. The answer: A.
368	Entailment	This isn't a case of jobs for the boys because it isn't a case of giving paid employment to your friends, supporters, or relations. The answer: A.
369	Entailment	The bank rejected me because I didn't qualify for the loan. The answer: A.
370	Entailment	I barely noticed the rich and complex network of lights inside of her because I was so focused on holding her hand but now that I was holding her hand, I saw a network of lights flaring inside of her like a bright snarled ball that sparked in millions of colors. The answer: B.
371	Entailment	They were azure blue does not imply they were like a clear, cloudless summer sky. The answer: B.
372	Entailment	I think it's really rude when people talk during a movie and ruin the experience for everyone. The answer: A.
373	Entailment	It is getting really irritating that this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week and it's just piling up all over the neighborhood. The answer: A.
374	Entailment	I don't know whether to be ashamed that I was teaching my daughter to drive today and got a speeding ticket or the fact that I was driving so recklessly. The answer: A.
375	Entailment	The stereo was stolen but not necessarily to make the speaker suffer. The answer: B.
376	Entailment	Maxine Fortenberry came in, looking angry and moving slowly. her walk ponderous and her face like a thunderstorm. is a rephrasing of Maxine Fortenberry came in, looking angry and moving slowly. The answer: A.
377	Entailment	We 'll never know unless we give it a whirl is a paraphrase of we'll never know unless we try it out. The answer: A.
378	Entailment	He was living in his dream world and shutting his eyes in front of reality. The answer: A.
379	Entailment	I can't make heads or tails of it.
380	Entailment	The bridge cannot block the river if it hovers over the river. The answer: B.
381	Entailment	We must salute the kindness she showed towards us because we must acknowledge the fact that she has always been kind to us. The answer: A.
382	Entailment	He wasn't sure she'd find enough clients in chance creek, anyway, and they couldn't afford to throw good money after bad. is a rephrasing of couldn't afford to waste more money on something that was already a lost cause. The answer: A.
383	Entailment	You have a knack for dealing with women, bishop does not necessarily mean you do have a way with women. The answer: A.
384	Entailment	The children danced with joy and frolicked with joy. The answer: A.
385	Entailment	You might have assumed this was the police bluffing and bullying.
386	Entailment	I am telling you from experience that the human heart is more capable than we give it credit for. The answer: A.
387	Entailment	Death is either knocking or flowing at the door. The answer: B.
388	Entailment	I am a little bit uncomfortable with knowing that my Ex has HIV does not indicate that I am just really worried that my Ex contracted HIV and knowing it terrifies me. The answer: B.
389	Entailment	He was not graceful at all and not like a giraffe. The answer: B.
390	Entailment	His skin was smooth and felt like a doves feathers. The answer: A.
391	Entailment	It is not implied that the daughter made the mother feel terrible. The answer: B.
392	Entailment	I'll go to the mat for you means I'll fight for you. The answer: A.
393	Entailment	He looked like a wild animal. The answer: A.
394	Entailment	The dog is a jerk because it keeps pooping on the driveway. The answer: A.
395	Entailment	Democrats are willing to meet the president halfway on measures to stimulate the economy. is a rephrasing of Democrats are willing to compromise with the president on measures to stimulate the economy. The answer: A.
396	Entailment	Hitting another car does not imply crashing it. The fact that my daughter borrowed my car and ended up hitting another car in the parking lot does not imply that it really made me mad. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
397	Entailment	He was trying to get a rise out of her by teasing her. The answer: A.
398	Entailment	We were both jittery on the day of the alumni interview does not imply that we were like a tightrope walker with vertigo. The answer: B.
399	Entailment	My words come out huffed, pitched high and strong like an engine whistle. The answer: A.
400	Entailment	I am telling you from my personal experience, he wouldn't have used your professional services more than once if he hadn't been impressed is a paraphrase of take it from me. The answer: A.
401	Entailment	It is implied that Anita looked like an aged queen from King Arthur's court. The answer: B.
402	Entailment	It is implied that the tears are crocodile tears. The answer: A.
403	Entailment	The senator made an unfair comment about the administration and its personnel does not indicate that he dissed the administration in his speech on Friday. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
404	Entailment	That might be typical corporate thinking when you were under the gun, but with technologies like these it was dangerous as hell. The answer: A.
405	Entailment	Because I'm going to sleep very deeply and soundly tonight does not indicate that I'm going to sleep like a log tonight. The answer: A.
406	Entailment	They had to ration things out until the Duke arrived. is a rephrasing of They had to budget things out until the Duke arrived. The answer: A.
407	Entailment	It's been bothering me lately that I'm always working and never get a break. The answer: A.
408	Entailment	I scrambled after fink, who was heading full tilt for the nearest tavern.
409	Entailment	A
410	Entailment	I wondered how things would have gone for me if I had found her dead in the water instead. is a rephrasing of I wondered how things would have gone for me if I had found her not functioning or moving at all instead. The answer: A.
411	Entailment	High dudgeon is a term for great anger and resentment. The answer: A.
412	Entailment	I don't like doing my job and the duties of other co-worker that slack does not indicate that I don't like the fact that my job is already hard and then I have to do the work of a lazy co-worker too. The answer: B.
413	Entailment	The seeds of a potential conflict are the conversations about the assignments. The answer: A.
414	Entailment	I didn't know anybody at the party so I felt really out of place and alone. The answer: A.
415	Entailment	I stubbed my toe and cursed angrily does not indicate that I cussing out loud made me so mad. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
416	Entailment	She openly give her point of view on the less fortunate's problem does not indicate that she aired her opinions on welfare. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
417	Entailment	Run amok means to act out of control. The answer: A.
418	Entailment	We funneled money into the education of our children shows that we spent money. The answer: A.
419	Entailment	It was gross to take my son to the podiatrist. The answer: A.
420	Entailment	The warrior was brave and strong but not a lion. The answer: B.
421	Entailment	My so-called friend is a friend who I thought was trustworthy. The answer: A.
422	Entailment	Ken asked in a wink wink kind of a way.
423	Entailment	He always wore a smile is a rephrasing of he always flashes a smile. The answer: A.
424	Entailment	The weather had stayed cold and dreary for the entire week; our unseasonably warm weather in early fall was now just a memory of our Indian summer. The answer: A.
425	Entailment	Pain is like a sharp dagger. The answer: A.
426	Entailment	Synchronise your efforts or we 'll just go round in circles is a paraphrase of work together or we 'll just be wasting time and not getting anywhere. The answer: A.
427	Entailment	She's plain and skinny so she's like a broom handle. The answer: A.
428	Entailment	He smiled innocently up at me does not indicate that I looked down at him, and he smiled at me like an angel. The answer: B.
429	Entailment	The roaring on the door is a different action than knocking on the door. The answer: B.
430	Entailment	They know the score is the harsh reality.
431	Entailment	I felt really alone in the room because I didn't feel like anyone was paying attention to me. The answer: B.
432	Entailment	I am mad about my mortgage payment going up. The answer: A.
433	Entailment	The play is going to hurt few people is a rephrasing of the play is going to burn few people. The answer: A.
434	Entailment	He was scared and hid from the approaching car. The answer: A.
435	Entailment	She's big, but she's not very brave-and on the ground she's like a pig on a frozen pond. is a rephrasing of she's big, but she's not very brave-and when she's on the ground, she's clumsy. The answer: A.
436	Entailment	I hope that, as neighbours, we may live long in peace and amity, and in the frequent exchange of kindly assistance which should subsist between us. is a synonym of I hope that, as neighbours, we may live long in peace and amity, and in the interchange of those good offices which should subsist between us.. The answer: A.
437	Entailment	I feel terrible that my son who is supposed to be the good one, stole a car from an elderly man today. The answer: A.
438	Entailment	It is possible the repairman said it needs a whole new part that he can't find. The answer: A.
439	Entailment	It is beautiful and it is like a hundred million fireflies dancing around. The answer: A.
440	Entailment	The Tyrant is a ruler and making life miserable is like making life like a dreary prison. The answer: A.
441	Entailment	I dropped an antique tea cup and it shattered but I didn't feel devasted. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
442	Entailment	They appeared to be secure does not imply that they appeared to be like a bank vault. The answer: B.
443	Entailment	Our love will remain strong and unchanging means our love will stand the test of time. The answer: A.
444	Entailment	I felt pretty down when I found out that I was losing my job does not indicate that I felt terrible when I found out that I was going to lose my job. The answer: A.
445	Entailment	No way is a rephrasing of not on your life. The answer: A.
446	Entailment	He turned away from me in high dudgeon because he was angry and resentful. The answer: A.
447	Entailment	He ran full tilt into a burly German. is a rephrasing of He darted around a corner to join his comrades when he ran full tilt into a burly German. The answer: A.
448	Entailment	They didn't cry foul because their reactions weren't typical.
449	Entailment	I was really stressed out and grad school and had no choice but to drop out to keep my sanity does not indicate that I was totally stressed out and grad school was making me feel like I was going crazy so I dropped out to keep my sanity. The answer: A.
450	Entailment	I can't believe my boss just took that project I have been working hard on away from me for no good reason! is a rephrasing of my boss suddenly just took that project I was working hard on away from me for no good reason!. The answer: A.
451	Entailment	The smell of the fish market made me want to vomit. The answer: A.
452	Entailment	The setting of western movies is appealing to us because it resembles a gladiator arena with shooting guns. The answer: A.
453	Entailment	My dog is a fucking pig because it keeps going into my garbage. The answer: A.
454	Entailment	A
455	Entailment	I can't believe my now ex-friend betrayed my trust by revealing my very personal secret to not just our mutual friends, but also the entire internet! is a rephrasing of a now ex-friend of mine revealed a very private secret I told her in confidence not only to our mutual friends but the entire internet!. The answer: A.
456	Entailment	Short and sweet means that it was concise and to the point. The answer: A.
457	Entailment	I get really mad when I see people leaving their grocery carts in the middle of the parking lot. is a rephrasing of I get so ticked off when I see people leave their grocery carts in the middle of the parking lot. The answer: A.
458	Entailment	I was pretty devastated when I received 3 rejection letters for different jobs in such a short amount of time because it was a painful experience. The answer: A.
459	Entailment	The woman had a really dull personality but not as dull as oatmeal. The answer: A.
460	Entailment	It was embarassing because I came up with no swim trunks. The answer: A.
461	Entailment	My dog got into the garbage can while I was out does not indicate that I was so mad when I came home to find my dog rooting through the garbage can. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
462	Entailment	It's really irritating trying to get rid of the house gnats is a rephrasing of Trying to get rid of house gnats is a pain. The answer: A.
463	Entailment	It seems like my brother totally forgot about me because he didn't bring me a gift. The answer: A.
464	Entailment	I feel terrible that there are people out there that are addicted to something and I wish I could help them quit. is a rephrasing of I feel bad for the people that get caught in the addiction. The answer: A.
465	Entailment	I am scared of going to court because of the drunk driving incident. The answer: A.
466	Entailment	I'm waiting on some test results from the Dr. and it's taking forever does not indicate that I'm anxiously waiting for my test results from the doctor and really hope everything comes back normal. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
467	Entailment	The chicken was still very pink/ red in the middle but that doesn't necessarily mean that I felt sick. The answer: it is not possible to tell.
468	Entailment	I really do no like worms. does not imply that the slimy feel of worms makes me really scared. The answer: A.
469	Entailment	The experience was like a fantastical dream because it was unbelievable. The answer: A.
470	Entailment	A: Entailment
471	Entailment	It was cold and dry but not like a woodland deadfall in winter before the snow. The answer: B.
472	Entailment	Its madening to be stuck inside becasue they are repaving my street and I cant leave my house right now does not indicate that It's really annoying that they are repaving my street and I can't even leave my house right now. The answer: A.
473	Entailment	I was mad because I spent weeks on my project and my partner took most of the credit for it. The answer: A.
474	Entailment	She will start putting the showing together as soon as you give her the go ahead. The answer: A.
475	Entailment	Her body became limp so it could be like a partially full bag of grain. The answer: A.
476	Entailment	I am nervous about jumping out of an airplane because I am afraid of heights. The answer: A.
477	Entailment	Rained means the same thing as covered. The answer: A.
478	Entailment	I am livid that my vacation request was accepted months ago but now they are telling me it can't be granted. The answer: B.
479	Entailment	My friend told me I'm getting fat doesn't imply that I don't like the fact that my friend felt the need to point out that I am getting fat. The answer: B.
480	Entailment	I just wanted to make a splash because I wanted to be very successful and garner a lot of public attention. The answer: A.
481	Entailment	It was a bad start to the day because my husband dropped my favorite coffee mug. The answer: A.
482	Entailment	I get aggravated with people who don't understand personal space means I can't stand people who invade my personal space and make me really angry. The answer: A.
483	Entailment	The negative consequences of your actions have come back to haunt you is a paraphrase of the chickens have come home to roost. The answer: A.
484	Entailment	Touched is a synonym for added. The answer: A.
485	Entailment	It was hard to be alone when my partner left me. The answer: A.
486	Entailment	I get the feeling that my friend doesn't think paying me back is a priority. The answer: A.
487	Entailment	It is a struggle to make ends meet when you are not making enough money. The answer: A.
488	Entailment	I am livid because my bank randomly charged me for a credit card that I never even asked for. The answer: A.
489	Entailment	The paper would hear about your bigamist marriage.
490	Entailment	You put your foot down when you state your position rigidly and unyieldingly. The answer: A.
491	Entailment	It doesn't take someone very long to run and tell tales, does it?
492	Entailment	He sounds like a doctor who's just dropped his keys in his patient's open heart cavity. The answer: A.
493	Entailment	The way they shade and sarcasm each other is like watching monkey's foodfight with bananas. The answer: A.
494	Entailment	She had known the fru wanted her tested, but she hadn't believed they'd take such an extreme step as to contact her mom. is a rephrasing of she had known the fru wanted her tested, but she hadn't believed they'd go so far as to contact her mom. The answer: A.
495	Entailment	I just got a new set of tires and this is the thanks I get? A blown tire on my way to work? is a rephrasing of I recently got a set of new tires and a week later a tire blew while I was driving to work. The answer: A.
496	Entailment	I can't get my money under control doesn't imply that I feel so angry. The answer: B.
497	Entailment	B
498	Entailment	She was an idiot for doing this given all the prior knowledge for what she suspected is a rephrasing of she was an idiot for doing this especially in light of what she suspected. The answer: A.
499	Entailment	I'm feeling kind of left out because I saw the girl I like eating lunch with another guy. The answer: A.
