{"question": "Q: f : excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the cross bakery building ? m : the cross bakery building ? sure , you 're actually walking in the opposite direction . f : oh , you 're kidding . i thought i was heading east . m : no , east is the other direction . to get to the bakery , you need to turn around and go 3 blocks to broadway , when you get to broadway , you need to take a left , go straight down that street for 2 blocks , and then you 'll see the building on your left . it 's just between the post office and a supermarket . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : so , you mean east is not the other direction and now i am heading east ? okay , i see . (B) f : so , you mean i am actually walking in the right direction and now i am heading south ? (C) f : oh , actually i thought i was heading north but now i am heading west . that 's terrible . (D) f : really ? you mean east is the other direction and now i am heading west ? okay , i see .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f : really ? you mean east is the other direction and now i am heading west ? okay , i see .", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the cross bakery building ? m : the cross bakery building ? sure , you 're actually walking in the opposite direction . f : oh , you 're kidding . i thought i was heading east . m : no , east is the other direction . to get to the bakery , you need to turn around and go 3 blocks to broadway , when you get to broadway , you need to take a left , go straight down that street for 2 blocks , and then you 'll see the building on your left . it 's just between the post office and a supermarket . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : so , you mean east is not the other direction and now i am heading east ? okay , i see . (B) f : so , you mean i am actually walking in the right direction and now i am heading south ? (C) f : oh , actually i thought i was heading north but now i am heading west . that 's terrible . (D) f : really ? you mean east is the other direction and now i am heading west ? okay , i see .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : dad , can you lend jenny and me some money ? m : for what ? f : we want to get tickets for a rock concert . we 'll pay you back after a few days . m : how much are these tickets ? f : $ 18.00 each . m : $ 18.00 ? that 's a lot of money . f : that 's not very much for this band , dad . they 're great singers , very popular . m : now when will you need the money ? f : and bob is also going and he 's going to town tomorrow to get the tickets . m : all right . here 's $ 50 . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i 'm the only one going to the concert . (B) f : there were three people in total , but jenny has something todo , so there were two . (C) f : there are three people in all . (D) f : two people altogether .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " D: f: two people altogether.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : dad , can you lend jenny and me some money ? m : for what ? f : we want to get tickets for a rock concert . we 'll pay you back after a few days . m : how much are these tickets ? f : $ 18.00 each . m : $ 18.00 ? that 's a lot of money . f : that 's not very much for this band , dad . they 're great singers , very popular . m : now when will you need the money ? f : and bob is also going and he 's going to town tomorrow to get the tickets . m : all right . here 's $ 50 . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i 'm the only one going to the concert . (B) f : there were three people in total , but jenny has something todo , so there were two . (C) f : there are three people in all . (D) f : two people altogether .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : dad , can you lend jenny and me some money ? m : for what ? f : we want to get tickets for a rock concert . we 'll pay you back after a few days . m : how much are these tickets ? f : $ 18.00 each . m : $ 18.00 ? that 's a lot of money . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : actually , $ 18 in total . (B) f : yes , all in all , two tickets cost $ 44 . (C) f : yes , $ 36 in total . but $ 2 discount for two tickets , that is $ 36 in total . (D) f : yes , $ 36 in total .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " C: f : yes , $ 36 in total . but $ 2 discount for two tickets , that is $ 36 in total .", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : dad , can you lend jenny and me some money ? m : for what ? f : we want to get tickets for a rock concert . we 'll pay you back after a few days . m : how much are these tickets ? f : $ 18.00 each . m : $ 18.00 ? that 's a lot of money . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : actually , $ 18 in total . (B) f : yes , all in all , two tickets cost $ 44 . (C) f : yes , $ 36 in total . but $ 2 discount for two tickets , that is $ 36 in total . (D) f : yes , $ 36 in total .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : shelby museum information desk , can i help you ? f : yes , please . could you tell me what the museum 's opening hours are ? m : certainly , opening hours are from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm daily . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i see . the museum opens for ten hours every day . (B) f : so the park opens for nine hours every day , right ? (C) f : ok. shelby museum is open for nine hours daily . (D) f : the museum opens for seven hours , does n't it ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: f : ok. shelby museum is open for nine hours daily.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: m : shelby museum information desk , can i help you ? f : yes , please . could you tell me what the museum 's opening hours are ? m : certainly , opening hours are from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm daily . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i see . the museum opens for ten hours every day . (B) f : so the park opens for nine hours every day , right ? (C) f : ok. shelby museum is open for nine hours daily . (D) f : the museum opens for seven hours , does n't it ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : what are you writing online ? f : i 'm replying to a man 's article in the forum . m : do you know him ? f : no , i think his viewpoint expressed in the forum is wrong , so i want to show him my opinion . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i see . you agree with his viewpoint , but you dislike the guy . that 's why you reply to him . (B) m : so you just have a unique opinion of yours , though you admit his viewpoint is correct . (C) m : you two share the the same opinions , so you want to write something to help him . (D) m : oh , i understand . you are actually writing to tell the man about your different ideas .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D. \nm : oh , i understand . you are actually writing to tell the man about your different ideas .", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : what are you writing online ? f : i 'm replying to a man 's article in the forum . m : do you know him ? f : no , i think his viewpoint expressed in the forum is wrong , so i want to show him my opinion . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i see . you agree with his viewpoint , but you dislike the guy . that 's why you reply to him . (B) m : so you just have a unique opinion of yours , though you admit his viewpoint is correct . (C) m : you two share the the same opinions , so you want to write something to help him . (D) m : oh , i understand . you are actually writing to tell the man about your different ideas .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : i got 2 tickets to the theater . i think i 'll use them when my cousin comes for a visit this weekend . f : oh , i was planning a trip to the countryside this weekend . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : great ! hope you enjoy your movie . (B) m : great ! hope you enjoy visiting your cousin . (C) m : wow , going to the countryside next month sounds great . (D) m : wow , going to the countryside sounds great .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: m : wow , going to the countryside sounds great .", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : i got 2 tickets to the theater . i think i 'll use them when my cousin comes for a visit this weekend . f : oh , i was planning a trip to the countryside this weekend . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : great ! hope you enjoy your movie . (B) m : great ! hope you enjoy visiting your cousin . (C) m : wow , going to the countryside next month sounds great . (D) m : wow , going to the countryside sounds great .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : how about doing some exciting activities this weekend ? there 's a museum outside the village . m : the kids will get bored and start fighting again like they did in that museum we visited last time . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : what makes you feel puzzled ? it 's just a small museum in the city center . (B) f : why do n't you agree with my idea of going to a museum this weekend ? (C) f : yes , i think the kids will love it , too . they may be as happy as last time . (D) f : if you disagree with my suggestion , just give me some suggestions instead .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f : if you disagree with my suggestion , just give me some suggestions instead . \n", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : how about doing some exciting activities this weekend ? there 's a museum outside the village . m : the kids will get bored and start fighting again like they did in that museum we visited last time . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : what makes you feel puzzled ? it 's just a small museum in the city center . (B) f : why do n't you agree with my idea of going to a museum this weekend ? (C) f : yes , i think the kids will love it , too . they may be as happy as last time . (D) f : if you disagree with my suggestion , just give me some suggestions instead .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : anything interesting in the paper today , dear ? m : well , yeah ! there are a few here that might interest us . here 's one for just $ 400 . it only has one bedroom but it sounds nice , near lake street . f : yeah . let me see what the cheapest two-bedroom apartment is . oh , here 's one on market street . it 's a real bargain , only $ 350 . but it does n't have any furniture . m : well , it costs a lot to buy all the furniture . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you are right . we do n't need an apartment with furniture . (B) f : well , i think we need one with two bedrooms and without furniture . (C) f : yes . but we do need an apartment with two bedrooms . (D) f : oh , this one with three bedrooms is near the market .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " B: f: well, I think we need one with two bedrooms and without furniture.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : anything interesting in the paper today , dear ? m : well , yeah ! there are a few here that might interest us . here 's one for just $ 400 . it only has one bedroom but it sounds nice , near lake street . f : yeah . let me see what the cheapest two-bedroom apartment is . oh , here 's one on market street . it 's a real bargain , only $ 350 . but it does n't have any furniture . m : well , it costs a lot to buy all the furniture . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you are right . we do n't need an apartment with furniture . (B) f : well , i think we need one with two bedrooms and without furniture . (C) f : yes . but we do need an apartment with two bedrooms . (D) f : oh , this one with three bedrooms is near the market .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : sorry to keep you waiting . one order of fried chicken with vegetable salad and coffee . m : alright , thanks ! \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you have a really big farm . (B) f : this is really big market . (C) f : our restaurant offers good food . (D) f : our restaurant offers good food . i just wait for a little while .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " D: f : our restaurant offers good food . i just wait for a little while .", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : sorry to keep you waiting . one order of fried chicken with vegetable salad and coffee . m : alright , thanks ! \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you have a really big farm . (B) f : this is really big market . (C) f : our restaurant offers good food . (D) f : our restaurant offers good food . i just wait for a little while .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : how shall i take this medicine ? m : 3 times a day . i 'm sure you 'll be alright soon . f : thanks a lot . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you wait in the library for me to deliver the medicine to you . take this medicine once a day . (B) m : the book i bought in the bookshop says this medicine should be taken once a day . (C) m : you are welcome . that 's my responsibility as a doctor . (D) m : do n't worry . you are not serious enough to take medicine .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " B. \nm : the book i bought in the bookshop says this medicine should be taken once a day .", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : how shall i take this medicine ? m : 3 times a day . i 'm sure you 'll be alright soon . f : thanks a lot . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you wait in the library for me to deliver the medicine to you . take this medicine once a day . (B) m : the book i bought in the bookshop says this medicine should be taken once a day . (C) m : you are welcome . that 's my responsibility as a doctor . (D) m : do n't worry . you are not serious enough to take medicine .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : what time do you usually get up in the morning ? f : i sleep in every morning , sometimes until 11 or 12 . m : are you serious ? i get up at 5:00 every morning to go to the gym and then i get to work around 7:00 . f : well , i work from home . so i can set my own hours . i usually work until midnight or one in the morning and then i like to sleep in . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i did n't expect that you liked sleeping in because you do n't work ! (B) m : so you like to sleep in only because you need more sleep than most people , right ? (C) m : so you like to sleep until 1:00 pm because you set your own schedule , right ? (D) m : so you like to sleep in because you set your own schedule , right ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: m : so you like to sleep in because you set your own schedule , right ?", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : what time do you usually get up in the morning ? f : i sleep in every morning , sometimes until 11 or 12 . m : are you serious ? i get up at 5:00 every morning to go to the gym and then i get to work around 7:00 . f : well , i work from home . so i can set my own hours . i usually work until midnight or one in the morning and then i like to sleep in . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i did n't expect that you liked sleeping in because you do n't work ! (B) m : so you like to sleep in only because you need more sleep than most people , right ? (C) m : so you like to sleep until 1:00 pm because you set your own schedule , right ? (D) m : so you like to sleep in because you set your own schedule , right ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : ok , rafael . i 'm going to ask you about sunday . what do you like to do on sunday ? m : what do i like to do on sunday ? well , i think it 's changing every sunday . i like to go to concerts or things like that on a sunny day . and i like to go to the cinema , too . i like to stay home when it rains , like last weekend . and i do n't go out when it 's too windy . f : well . i like reading new novels and going shopping . what time do you usually get up on sunday ? m : well , quite late i guess , about 10 o'clock . it 's not really late , but late enough . f : i 'm an early riser , usually at 6 or 7 o'clock . what do you normally eat for breakfast on sunday morning ? m : i guess the same thing as everyday like eggs and bread . f : ah , no difference . you never cook ? m : no . i like spending my time doing things like writing music . so i do n't . i mean , i care what i eat . but i do n't spend a lot of time preparing , so i basically eat the same thing every morning . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you ca n't ignore what you eat every day . it 's bad for your health (B) f : you did n't get up until ten this morning . you do n't have much time to cook . the concert is about to start . (C) f : i think men are all alike that you do n't like to spend too much time cooking . (D) f : you 'd better have bread . you 're not good at cooking .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " B.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : ok , rafael . i 'm going to ask you about sunday . what do you like to do on sunday ? m : what do i like to do on sunday ? well , i think it 's changing every sunday . i like to go to concerts or things like that on a sunny day . and i like to go to the cinema , too . i like to stay home when it rains , like last weekend . and i do n't go out when it 's too windy . f : well . i like reading new novels and going shopping . what time do you usually get up on sunday ? m : well , quite late i guess , about 10 o'clock . it 's not really late , but late enough . f : i 'm an early riser , usually at 6 or 7 o'clock . what do you normally eat for breakfast on sunday morning ? m : i guess the same thing as everyday like eggs and bread . f : ah , no difference . you never cook ? m : no . i like spending my time doing things like writing music . so i do n't . i mean , i care what i eat . but i do n't spend a lot of time preparing , so i basically eat the same thing every morning . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you ca n't ignore what you eat every day . it 's bad for your health (B) f : you did n't get up until ten this morning . you do n't have much time to cook . the concert is about to start . (C) f : i think men are all alike that you do n't like to spend too much time cooking . (D) f : you 'd better have bread . you 're not good at cooking .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : check in here ? m : yes . can i see your flight ticket , please ? f : here it is . i 'm going to quanzhou . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : oh , you are going to fly to hangzhou . (B) m : this is really a big bus station which has bus to all the cities nearby . (C) m : do you like this hotel ? (D) m : why do you want to fly to beijing ? beijing is not so far from here .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " B.\nm : this is really a big bus station which has bus to all the cities nearby.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : check in here ? m : yes . can i see your flight ticket , please ? f : here it is . i 'm going to quanzhou . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : oh , you are going to fly to hangzhou . (B) m : this is really a big bus station which has bus to all the cities nearby . (C) m : do you like this hotel ? (D) m : why do you want to fly to beijing ? beijing is not so far from here .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : it 's freezing cold out here , joan ! you said would be just a little chilly . f : yes , i know , george . we should walk home faster to keep warm . m : awe , and what is that ? f : oh , just a bit of thunder . nothing to worry about . m : just a bit of thunder ? nothing to worry about ? now it 's pouring and i 'm getting cold and wet . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yeah , it 's windy now . (B) f : yeah , it 's rainy now . (C) f : yeah , it 's snowy now . (D) f : yeah , it will be rainy tomorrow .\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B: f : yeah , it 's rainy now .", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : it 's freezing cold out here , joan ! you said would be just a little chilly . f : yes , i know , george . we should walk home faster to keep warm . m : awe , and what is that ? f : oh , just a bit of thunder . nothing to worry about . m : just a bit of thunder ? nothing to worry about ? now it 's pouring and i 'm getting cold and wet . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yeah , it 's windy now . (B) f : yeah , it 's rainy now . (C) f : yeah , it 's snowy now . (D) f : yeah , it will be rainy tomorrow .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : hello , this is carl 's garage , we found mister wood 's wallet here after he left this morning . f : he has been wondering whether he has to go out to the bank and the post office . thank you for calling . m : not at all . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : do you know carl has a job in a post office . carl found mr.wood lost his wallet this morning after he left carl 's post office . (B) f : because mr.wood lost his wallet , he has been hesitating if he has to go to police office . (C) f : he was trying to look for his wallet which he lost carelessly . (D) f : when will mr.wood is going to pick up the wallet.carl found it this afternoon .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " B. \nf : Because Mr.wood lost his wallet, he has been hesitating if he has to go to police office.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : hello , this is carl 's garage , we found mister wood 's wallet here after he left this morning . f : he has been wondering whether he has to go out to the bank and the post office . thank you for calling . m : not at all . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : do you know carl has a job in a post office . carl found mr.wood lost his wallet this morning after he left carl 's post office . (B) f : because mr.wood lost his wallet , he has been hesitating if he has to go to police office . (C) f : he was trying to look for his wallet which he lost carelessly . (D) f : when will mr.wood is going to pick up the wallet.carl found it this afternoon .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : please welcome august getty to the stage . he 's a young fashion designer living in los angeles . he just showed his fashion collection at new york fashion week , and he 's only 20 years old . how did it feel to be one of the youngest designers at the event ? were you nervous ? m : it was a dream come true . i was n't nervous . i was just very excited . when i was a kid , i made outfits from paper and rest spoons and forks . my biggest wish was to show my creations in new york . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you must have been very nervous when your dream of having a fashion show in paris came true . (B) f : why do you say so ? what makes you feel paris fashion week is a little strange ? (C) f : that is so great ! you are happy and i am happy for you . hearty congratulations ! (D) f : it is indeed a pleasure to realize your dream of having a fashion week in tokyo !\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: f : that is so great ! you are happy and i am happy for you . hearty congratulations !", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : please welcome august getty to the stage . he 's a young fashion designer living in los angeles . he just showed his fashion collection at new york fashion week , and he 's only 20 years old . how did it feel to be one of the youngest designers at the event ? were you nervous ? m : it was a dream come true . i was n't nervous . i was just very excited . when i was a kid , i made outfits from paper and rest spoons and forks . my biggest wish was to show my creations in new york . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you must have been very nervous when your dream of having a fashion show in paris came true . (B) f : why do you say so ? what makes you feel paris fashion week is a little strange ? (C) f : that is so great ! you are happy and i am happy for you . hearty congratulations ! (D) f : it is indeed a pleasure to realize your dream of having a fashion week in tokyo !\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : i thought that your tomatoes $ 0.80 cents a pound . m : they used to be , but the price has gone up $ 0.30 cents . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : so it 's $ 0.8 cheaper . (B) f : so it 's $ 0.3 cheaper than before . (C) f : $ 2.2 for a pound ? that 's crazy . (D) f : so it would be $ 2.20 if i buy two pounds of tomatoes , am i right ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " B: f: so it's $0.3 cheaper than before.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : i thought that your tomatoes $ 0.80 cents a pound . m : they used to be , but the price has gone up $ 0.30 cents . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : so it 's $ 0.8 cheaper . (B) f : so it 's $ 0.3 cheaper than before . (C) f : $ 2.2 for a pound ? that 's crazy . (D) f : so it would be $ 2.20 if i buy two pounds of tomatoes , am i right ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : i 'm going to go to sleep after turning off the lights . f : i 'm going to take a walk first . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : that 's weird that you sleep even before the lights are turned off . (B) m : we 'd both go for a walk and then go to sleep after turning off the lights . (C) m : i 'll sleep with the lights on . you can go for a walk first and then come back and sleep . (D) m : walking helps you sleep well . it 's good that you sleep after taking a walk .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " B: m : we'd both go for a walk and then go to sleep after turning off the lights.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : i 'm going to go to sleep after turning off the lights . f : i 'm going to take a walk first . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : that 's weird that you sleep even before the lights are turned off . (B) m : we 'd both go for a walk and then go to sleep after turning off the lights . (C) m : i 'll sleep with the lights on . you can go for a walk first and then come back and sleep . (D) m : walking helps you sleep well . it 's good that you sleep after taking a walk .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : i 'm not surprised you did n't like that movie . i found it really frightening myself . f : i did , too . i do n't care much for horror movies as a rule . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i agree with you . i know that you are not interested in horror movies . (B) m : let 's watch other movies next time . it is not frightened at all . (C) m : me too . i 'm surprised that you did n't like the movie , especially for the end . (D) m : are you sure ? i 'm not surprised that you loved that movie .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A.\nM: I agree with you. I know that you are not interested in horror movies.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: m : i 'm not surprised you did n't like that movie . i found it really frightening myself . f : i did , too . i do n't care much for horror movies as a rule . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i agree with you . i know that you are not interested in horror movies . (B) m : let 's watch other movies next time . it is not frightened at all . (C) m : me too . i 'm surprised that you did n't like the movie , especially for the end . (D) m : are you sure ? i 'm not surprised that you loved that movie .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : charles enjoyed his two-week drive through south china . f : yes , he said that he saw much more than he would have seen by bus or train . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : he went to south china for a self driving tour for two weeks . this trip was fantastic . (B) m : he took a bus travel to south china this time . (C) m : he went to south china for a self driving tour for a week . (D) m : he took a train trip to south china . but he did n't see any beautiful scenery .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A. \nm : He went to South China for a self driving tour for two weeks. This trip was fantastic.", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: m : charles enjoyed his two-week drive through south china . f : yes , he said that he saw much more than he would have seen by bus or train . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : he went to south china for a self driving tour for two weeks . this trip was fantastic . (B) m : he took a bus travel to south china this time . (C) m : he went to south china for a self driving tour for a week . (D) m : he took a train trip to south china . but he did n't see any beautiful scenery .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : should n't we invite kathy to the party tonight ? f : invite kathy ? she is the one who 's planning the whole thing . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i have invited cathy . (B) m : cathy planed the party . but she wo n't attend it cause she has no time . (C) m : what a pity ! cathy is too busy to come . (D) m : cathy planed the party . of course she will attend it .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: m : cathy planed the party . of course she will attend it .", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : should n't we invite kathy to the party tonight ? f : invite kathy ? she is the one who 's planning the whole thing . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i have invited cathy . (B) m : cathy planed the party . but she wo n't attend it cause she has no time . (C) m : what a pity ! cathy is too busy to come . (D) m : cathy planed the party . of course she will attend it .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : hurry up , tim . or you will be late for school again . m : i know , i know . please be kind to me and do not push me like that . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : thank you for taking care of me when i was ill in hospital . (B) f : she is so demanding of her work that she often works overtime . (C) f : he is a very interesting man who often tells jokes to his friends . (D) f : since you have been late for 3 times , i can only keep pushing you .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D. \n", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : hurry up , tim . or you will be late for school again . m : i know , i know . please be kind to me and do not push me like that . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : thank you for taking care of me when i was ill in hospital . (B) f : she is so demanding of her work that she often works overtime . (C) f : he is a very interesting man who often tells jokes to his friends . (D) f : since you have been late for 3 times , i can only keep pushing you .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : how many nights do you plan to stay in our hotel ? m : 3. i 'll be checking out on friday morning . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : then i 'll book a taxi for you on friday morning and take you to the airport . (B) f : i 've booked you a room , you 'll be checking into our hotel on friday morning . (C) f : you can have dinner together when you check out on thursday . (D) f : on tuesday , we will remind you to check out .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " C. \nf : You can have dinner together when you check out on thursday.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : how many nights do you plan to stay in our hotel ? m : 3. i 'll be checking out on friday morning . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : then i 'll book a taxi for you on friday morning and take you to the airport . (B) f : i 've booked you a room , you 'll be checking into our hotel on friday morning . (C) f : you can have dinner together when you check out on thursday . (D) f : on tuesday , we will remind you to check out .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : good morning . f : good morning . i 'm looking for a place to rent near the university . there are 3 of us looking together , we thought we might share if we could find something suitable . m : so something near the university ? f : yes , if that 's at all possible . we 're all students . so it be good if we could find something within walking distance . m : are you in your first year ? f : no , i 've been here a year already . m : so let me have a look at what we 've got . well , there 's a 2 bedroom house in newton , which is quite cheap . f : well . i like that . it 's very near the university . but if we all want our own rooms . it is n't really big enough . m : too small . give that wan na miss ? f : yeah , i think so , got anything else ? m : what about this , 3 bedroom flat close to the university it 's $ 400 a week . f : oh that 's too expensive . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : although it 's expensive , you have got a job and can earn money by yourself . (B) m : yes . that 's a little expensive for students . let me see some other places . (C) m : why do you think it 's not big enough ? it has 4 bedrooms and it 's big enough . (D) m : although it is far from the university , it has 4 bedrooms and it 's big enough .\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B: m : yes . that 's a little expensive for students . let me see some other places .", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : good morning . f : good morning . i 'm looking for a place to rent near the university . there are 3 of us looking together , we thought we might share if we could find something suitable . m : so something near the university ? f : yes , if that 's at all possible . we 're all students . so it be good if we could find something within walking distance . m : are you in your first year ? f : no , i 've been here a year already . m : so let me have a look at what we 've got . well , there 's a 2 bedroom house in newton , which is quite cheap . f : well . i like that . it 's very near the university . but if we all want our own rooms . it is n't really big enough . m : too small . give that wan na miss ? f : yeah , i think so , got anything else ? m : what about this , 3 bedroom flat close to the university it 's $ 400 a week . f : oh that 's too expensive . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : although it 's expensive , you have got a job and can earn money by yourself . (B) m : yes . that 's a little expensive for students . let me see some other places . (C) m : why do you think it 's not big enough ? it has 4 bedrooms and it 's big enough . (D) m : although it is far from the university , it has 4 bedrooms and it 's big enough .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : so what do you want to do tomorrow ? f : well , let 's look at this city guide here . huh , here 's something interesting . why do n't we first visit the art museum in the morning ? m : ok. i like that idea . and where do you want to eat lunch ? f : how about going to an indian restaurant ? the guide recommends one downtown a few blocks from the museum . m : now that sounds great . after that , what do you think about visiting the zoo ? well , it says here that there are some very unique animals not found anywhere else . f : well , to tell you the truth , i 'm not really interested in going there . yeah , why do n't we go shopping instead ? there was supposed to be some really nice places to pick up souvenirs . m : no , i do n't think that 's a good idea . we only have a few travelers checks left and i only have $ 50 . 00 left in cash . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : so you also think it 's a good idea to go shopping , but you do n't want to go because you forgot your credit card , do you ? (B) f : no wonder you do n't want to go shopping . you do n't have enough cash . (C) f : no wonder you do n't want to go shopping . you do n't have enough cash . (D) f : so you also think it 's a good idea to go shopping , but you do n't want to go because you wants to enjoy the view of the seashore , do you ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B: f : no wonder you do n't want to go shopping . you do n't have enough cash .", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : so what do you want to do tomorrow ? f : well , let 's look at this city guide here . huh , here 's something interesting . why do n't we first visit the art museum in the morning ? m : ok. i like that idea . and where do you want to eat lunch ? f : how about going to an indian restaurant ? the guide recommends one downtown a few blocks from the museum . m : now that sounds great . after that , what do you think about visiting the zoo ? well , it says here that there are some very unique animals not found anywhere else . f : well , to tell you the truth , i 'm not really interested in going there . yeah , why do n't we go shopping instead ? there was supposed to be some really nice places to pick up souvenirs . m : no , i do n't think that 's a good idea . we only have a few travelers checks left and i only have $ 50 . 00 left in cash . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : so you also think it 's a good idea to go shopping , but you do n't want to go because you forgot your credit card , do you ? (B) f : no wonder you do n't want to go shopping . you do n't have enough cash . (C) f : no wonder you do n't want to go shopping . you do n't have enough cash . (D) f : so you also think it 's a good idea to go shopping , but you do n't want to go because you wants to enjoy the view of the seashore , do you ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : what do you do in the evening , john ? m : i go to the school theatre club every tuesday evening . the rest of the week i usually stay home . i do n't like the city very much . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you must enjoy the theater very much since you go to there once a week . (B) f : it seems that you never stay home , because you go to the theater twice a month . (C) f : you go to the theater every evening , you must like the city very much . (D) f : it is good for you to go to the theater once a week . you go there on friday , right ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " D. \nf : It is good for you to go to the theater once a week. You go there on Tuesday, right?", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : what do you do in the evening , john ? m : i go to the school theatre club every tuesday evening . the rest of the week i usually stay home . i do n't like the city very much . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you must enjoy the theater very much since you go to there once a week . (B) f : it seems that you never stay home , because you go to the theater twice a month . (C) f : you go to the theater every evening , you must like the city very much . (D) f : it is good for you to go to the theater once a week . you go there on friday , right ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : can you join the chess club ? m : i love to play chess but i have to go to band practice almost every day . f : jay , quit and we need someone to replace him . m : well , if you can wait another week for me to join . i can do it . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : why are you going to quit the band today . (B) f : i 'm not surprised that you would join the chess club later . (C) f : great , it would be an honor for me if you can join the chess club . (D) f : i 'm surprised that you forgot the the chess club , you used to come here everyday .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: f : great , it would be an honor for me if you can join the chess club .", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : can you join the chess club ? m : i love to play chess but i have to go to band practice almost every day . f : jay , quit and we need someone to replace him . m : well , if you can wait another week for me to join . i can do it . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : why are you going to quit the band today . (B) f : i 'm not surprised that you would join the chess club later . (C) f : great , it would be an honor for me if you can join the chess club . (D) f : i 'm surprised that you forgot the the chess club , you used to come here everyday .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : you 've packed so many clothes ben . m : well , it is a business trip , and the weather will be different everywhere i go . f : i suppose on sunday you 'll travel in your jeans . m : yes , that on monday i 'm going to meet the company boss , so will need my suit then , i ca n't wear jeans . f : what is happening on tuesday ? m : i 'm visiting a factory in the south so i 've packed these gray trousers , they are light and i wo n't need a jacket . it 'll be 35 degrees . f : oh then you 're in the mountains on wednesday . m : yes , a jacket will be warm enough . i 've got my coat for that day . f : are you taking a sweater as well ? m : there was an room in the suitcase . on thursday i 'll be by the sea where we spent our honeymoon . so i 'm taking my swim shorts . f : and what about friday ? m : i 'm having lunch with some colleagues . i 'll wear that blue shirt you bought me . look here it is , under the suit . f : oh good . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : did you see that jacket under the suit ? i 'm going to wear it on friday . (B) m : i love that blue shirt my mom bought me a lot . (C) m : did you see that blue sweater under the suit ? i 'm going to wear it on friday . (D) m : i love that blue shirt you bought a lot so i often wear it .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D. \nM: I love that blue shirt you bought a lot so I often wear it.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : you 've packed so many clothes ben . m : well , it is a business trip , and the weather will be different everywhere i go . f : i suppose on sunday you 'll travel in your jeans . m : yes , that on monday i 'm going to meet the company boss , so will need my suit then , i ca n't wear jeans . f : what is happening on tuesday ? m : i 'm visiting a factory in the south so i 've packed these gray trousers , they are light and i wo n't need a jacket . it 'll be 35 degrees . f : oh then you 're in the mountains on wednesday . m : yes , a jacket will be warm enough . i 've got my coat for that day . f : are you taking a sweater as well ? m : there was an room in the suitcase . on thursday i 'll be by the sea where we spent our honeymoon . so i 'm taking my swim shorts . f : and what about friday ? m : i 'm having lunch with some colleagues . i 'll wear that blue shirt you bought me . look here it is , under the suit . f : oh good . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : did you see that jacket under the suit ? i 'm going to wear it on friday . (B) m : i love that blue shirt my mom bought me a lot . (C) m : did you see that blue sweater under the suit ? i 'm going to wear it on friday . (D) m : i love that blue shirt you bought a lot so i often wear it .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : sweetie , let 's go out for a walk . m : it looks like rain . how about going to a bar for a beer ? f : but i ca n't drink beer with the medicine i 'm taking . why not go to a movie ? m : i would rather watch a video online . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : do you plan to go to a bar together ? it is not raining . (B) f : would you only stay indoors to drink beer ? (C) f : okay . you can stay indoors , watching a video online . (D) f : so you will go to see a doctor . i am glad you did n't take medicine .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: f: Okay. You can stay indoors, watching a video online.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : sweetie , let 's go out for a walk . m : it looks like rain . how about going to a bar for a beer ? f : but i ca n't drink beer with the medicine i 'm taking . why not go to a movie ? m : i would rather watch a video online . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : do you plan to go to a bar together ? it is not raining . (B) f : would you only stay indoors to drink beer ? (C) f : okay . you can stay indoors , watching a video online . (D) f : so you will go to see a doctor . i am glad you did n't take medicine .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : hi maria , how is the get together yesterday evening ? f : oh , dan . to tell you the truth it was a disaster . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : why was the party a disaster ? i thought you enjoyed last night . (B) m : i was happy that you came to visit me last night . (C) m : fortunately , you survived last night 's disaster . (D) m : it 's good to hear that you found yesterday night 's party exciting .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A: m : why was the party a disaster ? i thought you enjoyed last night .", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: m : hi maria , how is the get together yesterday evening ? f : oh , dan . to tell you the truth it was a disaster . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : why was the party a disaster ? i thought you enjoyed last night . (B) m : i was happy that you came to visit me last night . (C) m : fortunately , you survived last night 's disaster . (D) m : it 's good to hear that you found yesterday night 's party exciting .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : what happened to you ? you are so late . f : that bus i took broke down in front of the hospital , and i had to walk from there . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you should go out earlier so that you wo n't miss the bus . (B) m : even though the bus broke down , you also arrived on time . (C) m : i saw a woman hitting by a car so i took her to hospital . (D) m : i 'm glad you were n't hurt . then what happen to the bus ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: \"I'm glad you weren't hurt. Then what happened to the bus?\"", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : what happened to you ? you are so late . f : that bus i took broke down in front of the hospital , and i had to walk from there . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you should go out earlier so that you wo n't miss the bus . (B) m : even though the bus broke down , you also arrived on time . (C) m : i saw a woman hitting by a car so i took her to hospital . (D) m : i 'm glad you were n't hurt . then what happen to the bus ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : i had no idea the countryside was so noisy ! m : it 's usually very quiet in the north carolina mountains , kathy . but this is the year of our 17-year bird calls . f : you mean it 's only noisy right now for me and it wo n't be like this again until 2034 ? m : well , it 's not all summer long . they just come out when the weather gets cool , usually after a big storm . they 'll be quiet after 4 or 5 weeks . f : where do they go for the next 17 years ? m : oh , they live near the mountains for most of their lives . they just come down here to sing and do their special dances . f : sounds like they 're in the sky . m : well , they 're in the trees mostly . f : this is terrible . now i do n't want to walk under any of the trees in this forest . there 's probably bird waste everywhere . m : so you do n't have these in the city . i thought i heard them when i went to atlanta georgia . f : i 've never heard anything like this before . california might not have them . m : maybe they 're just in the east \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : maybe you 're right . north carolina , where i come from , might have them . (B) f : maybe you 're right . georgia , where i come from , might have them . (C) f : maybe you 're right . california , where i come from , might have them . (D) f : maybe you 're right . california , where you come from , might have them .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: f : maybe you 're right . california , where i come from , might have them .", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : i had no idea the countryside was so noisy ! m : it 's usually very quiet in the north carolina mountains , kathy . but this is the year of our 17-year bird calls . f : you mean it 's only noisy right now for me and it wo n't be like this again until 2034 ? m : well , it 's not all summer long . they just come out when the weather gets cool , usually after a big storm . they 'll be quiet after 4 or 5 weeks . f : where do they go for the next 17 years ? m : oh , they live near the mountains for most of their lives . they just come down here to sing and do their special dances . f : sounds like they 're in the sky . m : well , they 're in the trees mostly . f : this is terrible . now i do n't want to walk under any of the trees in this forest . there 's probably bird waste everywhere . m : so you do n't have these in the city . i thought i heard them when i went to atlanta georgia . f : i 've never heard anything like this before . california might not have them . m : maybe they 're just in the east \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : maybe you 're right . north carolina , where i come from , might have them . (B) f : maybe you 're right . georgia , where i come from , might have them . (C) f : maybe you 're right . california , where i come from , might have them . (D) f : maybe you 're right . california , where you come from , might have them .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : oh , what a pretty dress . my daughter would love it , but it seems a bit too large . do you have a smaller size ? m : sorry , this is the only one left , but do n't worry , children grow fast . f : yes , that 's true . i 'll take it . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you are going to change it ? i 'm afraid we do n't have other sizes . (B) m : it 's ok that you return it . (C) m : let me pack up the dress for you . your mother would look good with it . (D) m : here 's your dress . how would you pay ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: m : here 's your dress . how would you pay ?", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : oh , what a pretty dress . my daughter would love it , but it seems a bit too large . do you have a smaller size ? m : sorry , this is the only one left , but do n't worry , children grow fast . f : yes , that 's true . i 'll take it . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you are going to change it ? i 'm afraid we do n't have other sizes . (B) m : it 's ok that you return it . (C) m : let me pack up the dress for you . your mother would look good with it . (D) m : here 's your dress . how would you pay ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : i 'd like to do some shopping , but i was told london is an expensive place to live . m : that 's not completely true . if you shop in the right places , you can live cheaply . here is a market list . you can buy all kinds of things in these markets had a low price . f : that 's great . m : let 's see east street market sells cheap food and clothes . it 's open from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm . f : yes , but how can i get there ? m : by underground . you can get off at the castle station . now look at the leather lane market . that 's a good central london market for food and clothes . it 's open at lunch times from monday to friday . it 's near chancery lane station . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : too bad , it opens on weekdays only , and it 's too far way from the city center . (B) f : great , it opens on weekdays , and it 's conviniernt for workers to have lunch there . (C) f : you mean that the leather lane market is near the castle station ? (D) f : so i can go to the east street market and have lunch there ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B. \nf : great , it opens on weekdays , and it's conviniernt for workers to have lunch there.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : i 'd like to do some shopping , but i was told london is an expensive place to live . m : that 's not completely true . if you shop in the right places , you can live cheaply . here is a market list . you can buy all kinds of things in these markets had a low price . f : that 's great . m : let 's see east street market sells cheap food and clothes . it 's open from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm . f : yes , but how can i get there ? m : by underground . you can get off at the castle station . now look at the leather lane market . that 's a good central london market for food and clothes . it 's open at lunch times from monday to friday . it 's near chancery lane station . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : too bad , it opens on weekdays only , and it 's too far way from the city center . (B) f : great , it opens on weekdays , and it 's conviniernt for workers to have lunch there . (C) f : you mean that the leather lane market is near the castle station ? (D) f : so i can go to the east street market and have lunch there ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : excuse me , but i think i know you from somewhere . my name is adam miller . f : righ , mr.miller . my name is laura elliott . i remember you . you gave a great presentation at the conference last november in san francisco . it was really an impressive speech . you looked so confident . m : oh , thanks for saying so . i 'm going to attend this year 's conference next month . that 's on march twelfth , right ? f : yes , that 's right and i 'm supposed to make a presentation this year . this will be the first time for me to present in front of such a large audience , so i 'm kind of anxious . i 'll see you then . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : we have been friends for so many years that i am sure you will do a good job in the presentation . (B) m : although we met for the first time in san francisco last year , i was very impressed with you . (C) m : when we were both traveling in san francisco last year , we met each other for the first time . (D) m : i 'm so happy to host the conference with you this year .\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B: m: Although we met for the first time in San Francisco last year, I was very impressed with you.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : excuse me , but i think i know you from somewhere . my name is adam miller . f : righ , mr.miller . my name is laura elliott . i remember you . you gave a great presentation at the conference last november in san francisco . it was really an impressive speech . you looked so confident . m : oh , thanks for saying so . i 'm going to attend this year 's conference next month . that 's on march twelfth , right ? f : yes , that 's right and i 'm supposed to make a presentation this year . this will be the first time for me to present in front of such a large audience , so i 'm kind of anxious . i 'll see you then . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : we have been friends for so many years that i am sure you will do a good job in the presentation . (B) m : although we met for the first time in san francisco last year , i was very impressed with you . (C) m : when we were both traveling in san francisco last year , we met each other for the first time . (D) m : i 'm so happy to host the conference with you this year .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : anything interesting in the paper today , dear ? m : well , yeah ! there are a few here that might interest us . here 's one for just $ 400 . it only has one bedroom but it sounds nice , near lake street . f : yeah . let me see what the cheapest two-bedroom apartment is . oh , here 's one on market street . it 's a real bargain , only $ 350 . but it does n't have any furniture . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : the apartment with one bedroom is $ 350 ? we should rent that one . (B) m : so we need to pay $ 415 for the one-bedroom apartment , right ? (C) m : well , i think the apartment worth $ 400 with two bedrooms is fine . (D) f : i do n't think we should rent the apartment worth $ 400 with one bedroom .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " C. \nm: Well, I think the apartment worth $400 with two bedrooms is fine.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : anything interesting in the paper today , dear ? m : well , yeah ! there are a few here that might interest us . here 's one for just $ 400 . it only has one bedroom but it sounds nice , near lake street . f : yeah . let me see what the cheapest two-bedroom apartment is . oh , here 's one on market street . it 's a real bargain , only $ 350 . but it does n't have any furniture . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : the apartment with one bedroom is $ 350 ? we should rent that one . (B) m : so we need to pay $ 415 for the one-bedroom apartment , right ? (C) m : well , i think the apartment worth $ 400 with two bedrooms is fine . (D) f : i do n't think we should rent the apartment worth $ 400 with one bedroom .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : what kind of music do you like ? m : oh any music with a fast beat , lively music , you know like dance music . you prefer classical music do n't you ? f : yes , i do . i find it very relaxing . i often listen to mozart or bach in the evening after a hard day of work . m : i must admit that i like several pieces of classical music . f : classical music is supposed to be good for your brain . m : really ? perhaps i should listen to classical music more often . i heard that listening to classical music can help reduce stress . f : yes , that 's why i listen to it in the evenings . i usually play it as background music while i 'm cooking or doing other housework . m : i 've got a few classical music cds . i should follow your lead and increase my brain power . f : you can find plenty of classical recordings on line 2 . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : really ? you mean i can find some recordings on the internet but only can find few classical recordings on line 2 ? (B) m : really ? you mean i can find plenty of classical recordings on the internet , on line 2 ? oh , that is great ! (C) m : yeah . it 's a pity i 've got no classical music cds . as you say i can buy some new cds online , i think we can buy together . (D) m : really ? i can find plenty of classical recordings on line 3 and you tell me to listen to mozart 's music ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B. \nm : really ? you mean i can find plenty of classical recordings on the internet , on line 2 ? oh , that is great !", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : what kind of music do you like ? m : oh any music with a fast beat , lively music , you know like dance music . you prefer classical music do n't you ? f : yes , i do . i find it very relaxing . i often listen to mozart or bach in the evening after a hard day of work . m : i must admit that i like several pieces of classical music . f : classical music is supposed to be good for your brain . m : really ? perhaps i should listen to classical music more often . i heard that listening to classical music can help reduce stress . f : yes , that 's why i listen to it in the evenings . i usually play it as background music while i 'm cooking or doing other housework . m : i 've got a few classical music cds . i should follow your lead and increase my brain power . f : you can find plenty of classical recordings on line 2 . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : really ? you mean i can find some recordings on the internet but only can find few classical recordings on line 2 ? (B) m : really ? you mean i can find plenty of classical recordings on the internet , on line 2 ? oh , that is great ! (C) m : yeah . it 's a pity i 've got no classical music cds . as you say i can buy some new cds online , i think we can buy together . (D) m : really ? i can find plenty of classical recordings on line 3 and you tell me to listen to mozart 's music ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : did you see what was left of the car ? it was a total wreck . f : i know , and to think that a mother and 3 children were in there without being hurt . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : it 's sad to hear that three children were lost . (B) m : it 's really a terrible traffic accident , and unfortunately one of the children has died . (C) m : it 's sad to hear that the woman has died . (D) m : it 's really a terrible traffic accident .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: m : it's really a terrible traffic accident.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : did you see what was left of the car ? it was a total wreck . f : i know , and to think that a mother and 3 children were in there without being hurt . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : it 's sad to hear that three children were lost . (B) m : it 's really a terrible traffic accident , and unfortunately one of the children has died . (C) m : it 's sad to hear that the woman has died . (D) m : it 's really a terrible traffic accident .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : i am not good at math what should i do , jane ? f : you should get a tutor to improve your math , bill . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you are right ! i should seek help from my math teacher . (B) m : you are right ! it 's a good idea to get a tutor to improve my math . (C) m : thank you for asking me to join you , then we can learn english together . (D) m : ok. i will try to find an english tutor .\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B. \nm : you are right ! it 's a good idea to get a tutor to improve my math .", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : i am not good at math what should i do , jane ? f : you should get a tutor to improve your math , bill . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you are right ! i should seek help from my math teacher . (B) m : you are right ! it 's a good idea to get a tutor to improve my math . (C) m : thank you for asking me to join you , then we can learn english together . (D) m : ok. i will try to find an english tutor .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : i have heard that jane is in trouble . i have told her that i 'll help her whenever it is necessary . f : deeds are better than words . you must n't disappoint her again . otherwise , she would never trust you . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you are right . i should do as i said . (B) m : you are right . i should tell jane to help me . (C) m : you are right . i should do as i said and ask jane to help me . (D) m : you are right . i should learn from her to help others and thank her for helping me .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A: m : you are right . i should do as i said .", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: m : i have heard that jane is in trouble . i have told her that i 'll help her whenever it is necessary . f : deeds are better than words . you must n't disappoint her again . otherwise , she would never trust you . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you are right . i should do as i said . (B) m : you are right . i should tell jane to help me . (C) m : you are right . i should do as i said and ask jane to help me . (D) m : you are right . i should learn from her to help others and thank her for helping me .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : mrs jane . for the past 3 weeks i have not been satisfied with your work . f : i 'm sorry . what do you mean ? why ? m : well , your manager told me you 're turning your reports in 2 to 3 days late . you 're often absent from staff meetings and you have n't been getting along with your colleagues . f : look mister travers that i explain ... m : mrs jean i know you have been with us for a while now , but this business is changing fast . we need people who can keep up and work as a team . f : mister travers my mother has been ill. she is suffering from stomach cancer . i 've been spending all my time outside of work at the hospital with her and i 've even had to leave work early a few times to take care of her . i 've been so tired and ... m : oh , i had no idea miss jane . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i can tell you my mother died of stomach cancer , mr green . (B) f : my mother is seriouly sick . she is suffering from lung cancer . (C) f : my mother had an accident last week , which hurt her leg . (D) f : i 'm sorry that i do n't tell you that my mother is seriously ill .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " B: f: my mother is seriously sick. She is suffering from lung cancer.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : mrs jane . for the past 3 weeks i have not been satisfied with your work . f : i 'm sorry . what do you mean ? why ? m : well , your manager told me you 're turning your reports in 2 to 3 days late . you 're often absent from staff meetings and you have n't been getting along with your colleagues . f : look mister travers that i explain ... m : mrs jean i know you have been with us for a while now , but this business is changing fast . we need people who can keep up and work as a team . f : mister travers my mother has been ill. she is suffering from stomach cancer . i 've been spending all my time outside of work at the hospital with her and i 've even had to leave work early a few times to take care of her . i 've been so tired and ... m : oh , i had no idea miss jane . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i can tell you my mother died of stomach cancer , mr green . (B) f : my mother is seriouly sick . she is suffering from lung cancer . (C) f : my mother had an accident last week , which hurt her leg . (D) f : i 'm sorry that i do n't tell you that my mother is seriously ill .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : so what 's the plan , are you driving us to the concert ? f : sorry i lent my car to my sister , i guess we 'll have to go by bus . m : we can ride a bicycle . it 's not a long way . f : sounds great , i 'm not arguing . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : let 's drive there . (B) m : you go by bike . i 'll walk . (C) m : let me get our bike . (D) m : why do you like to go by bus ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: m : let me get our bike.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: m : so what 's the plan , are you driving us to the concert ? f : sorry i lent my car to my sister , i guess we 'll have to go by bus . m : we can ride a bicycle . it 's not a long way . f : sounds great , i 'm not arguing . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : let 's drive there . (B) m : you go by bike . i 'll walk . (C) m : let me get our bike . (D) m : why do you like to go by bus ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : oh , i wish that bus would come ! my feet are freezing . i suppose i 've been here for 10 minutes or so . m : that 's long enough in the winter . f : this morning the sun was shining ! m : but it started to snow one hour ago . they 're still predicting 2 or 3 inches . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yeah . it is snowy now . (B) f : yeah . it is sunny now . (C) f : yeah . it was snowy . (D) f : yeah . it is rainy now .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " C: f : yeah . it was snowy .", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : oh , i wish that bus would come ! my feet are freezing . i suppose i 've been here for 10 minutes or so . m : that 's long enough in the winter . f : this morning the sun was shining ! m : but it started to snow one hour ago . they 're still predicting 2 or 3 inches . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yeah . it is snowy now . (B) f : yeah . it is sunny now . (C) f : yeah . it was snowy . (D) f : yeah . it is rainy now .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : how are you mrs brandon ? f : pretty good . how are you doing ? m : not so good . i just lost my job today . f : i 'm sorry to hear that . m : how are your students doing ? f : they 're very nervous about the final . m : i remember you gave our class a hard final exam in my first year of college , many of us failed , but i really learned a lot from you and it must worked because i can speak very good english now . f : i 'm so glad to hear that . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : professor , this time 's final exam is really hard . i 'm frightened that i may did poorly . (B) m : i mean it . thank you so much in teaching us spanish and giving only easy exams . (C) m : i do n't know how to express my gratitude to you , really . thanks for your teaching . (D) m : i feel quite disappointed knowing that you do n't teach spanish anymore , darling .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: m: I do n't know how to express my gratitude to you, really. Thanks for your teaching.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: m : how are you mrs brandon ? f : pretty good . how are you doing ? m : not so good . i just lost my job today . f : i 'm sorry to hear that . m : how are your students doing ? f : they 're very nervous about the final . m : i remember you gave our class a hard final exam in my first year of college , many of us failed , but i really learned a lot from you and it must worked because i can speak very good english now . f : i 'm so glad to hear that . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : professor , this time 's final exam is really hard . i 'm frightened that i may did poorly . (B) m : i mean it . thank you so much in teaching us spanish and giving only easy exams . (C) m : i do n't know how to express my gratitude to you , really . thanks for your teaching . (D) m : i feel quite disappointed knowing that you do n't teach spanish anymore , darling .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : alex , do you have a meeting in edinburgh ? m : yes , i 'm going to see some important people , why ? f : i 'm going to glasgow on wednesday , and it 's quite near edinburgh . m : ah , i 'm going to drive there tomorrow , so you can go with me \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : really ? you are going to drive there this afternoon ? and you will go to edinburgh just because you will drive me there ? thanks ! (B) f : so , you will go to edinburgh because you have a meeting in glasgow ? but i 'm going to glasgow on thursday so i can not go with you . (C) f : ok , i see . you go to edinburgh just because you will meet some important people . and you are going to walk there tomorrow . (D) f : so , you mean you go to edinburgh just because you will meet some important people ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " B. \nf : so , you will go to edinburgh because you have a meeting in glasgow ? but i 'm going to glas", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : alex , do you have a meeting in edinburgh ? m : yes , i 'm going to see some important people , why ? f : i 'm going to glasgow on wednesday , and it 's quite near edinburgh . m : ah , i 'm going to drive there tomorrow , so you can go with me \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : really ? you are going to drive there this afternoon ? and you will go to edinburgh just because you will drive me there ? thanks ! (B) f : so , you will go to edinburgh because you have a meeting in glasgow ? but i 'm going to glasgow on thursday so i can not go with you . (C) f : ok , i see . you go to edinburgh just because you will meet some important people . and you are going to walk there tomorrow . (D) f : so , you mean you go to edinburgh just because you will meet some important people ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : i guess you have no interest in attending professor wilson 's lecture tomorrow , right ? m : on the contrary , i have to thank you for reminding me of it . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you have no interest in the lecture . (B) f : oh , you have attended the same lecture given by professor wilson before . (C) f : if the i do n't remind you , you might miss the lecture . (D) f : if the i do n't remind you , you might miss the class .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: f : if the i do n't remind you , you might miss the lecture .", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : i guess you have no interest in attending professor wilson 's lecture tomorrow , right ? m : on the contrary , i have to thank you for reminding me of it . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you have no interest in the lecture . (B) f : oh , you have attended the same lecture given by professor wilson before . (C) f : if the i do n't remind you , you might miss the lecture . (D) f : if the i do n't remind you , you might miss the class .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : i ca n't wait to get to the beach . m : you 'd better be careful about sunburn on your vacation . f : you worry too much . oh , these swimsuits are lovely and cheap . m : this color would look good on you . f : i do n't need a two piece . i might get something for the pool , though . m : that 's right . you 're swimming every morning now . f : yeah , and i 'd like something that is comfortable and sporty . m : then you should pick out some one-pieces . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yeah , i 'd not like something that is comfortable , and i want a one-piece swimsuit because it is lovely . (B) f : yeah . you know i am swimming every evening now and i want a one-piece swimsuit because it is sporty . (C) f : yeah . you are right . i want a one-piece swimsuit because it is sporty and i will pick out some one-pieces . (D) f : yeah . i do n't need to get something for the pool . but i want a one-piece swimsuit because it is cheap .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C. \nf : yeah . you are right . i want a one-piece swimsuit because it is sporty and i will pick out some one", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : i ca n't wait to get to the beach . m : you 'd better be careful about sunburn on your vacation . f : you worry too much . oh , these swimsuits are lovely and cheap . m : this color would look good on you . f : i do n't need a two piece . i might get something for the pool , though . m : that 's right . you 're swimming every morning now . f : yeah , and i 'd like something that is comfortable and sporty . m : then you should pick out some one-pieces . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yeah , i 'd not like something that is comfortable , and i want a one-piece swimsuit because it is lovely . (B) f : yeah . you know i am swimming every evening now and i want a one-piece swimsuit because it is sporty . (C) f : yeah . you are right . i want a one-piece swimsuit because it is sporty and i will pick out some one-pieces . (D) f : yeah . i do n't need to get something for the pool . but i want a one-piece swimsuit because it is cheap .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : you 've packed so many clothes ben . m : well , it is a business trip , and the weather will be different everywhere i go . f : i suppose on sunday you 'll travel in your jeans . m : yes , that on monday i 'm going to meet the company boss , so will need my suit then , i ca n't wear jeans . f : what is happening on tuesday ? m : i 'm visiting a factory in the south so i 've packed these gray trousers , they are light and i wo n't need a jacket . it 'll be 35 degrees . f : oh then you 're in the mountains on wednesday . m : yes , a jacket will be warm enough . i 've got my coat for that day . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : ok , have a good time in the mountains on monday . (B) f : you 'd better pack something warmer for the mountains , i heard it would be very windy on wednesday . (C) f : ok , i hope you have a fruitful visit in the factory on wednesday . (D) f : ok , enjoy yourself in the mountains on thursday .\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B: f : you 'd better pack something warmer for the mountains , i heard it would be very windy on wednesday .", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : you 've packed so many clothes ben . m : well , it is a business trip , and the weather will be different everywhere i go . f : i suppose on sunday you 'll travel in your jeans . m : yes , that on monday i 'm going to meet the company boss , so will need my suit then , i ca n't wear jeans . f : what is happening on tuesday ? m : i 'm visiting a factory in the south so i 've packed these gray trousers , they are light and i wo n't need a jacket . it 'll be 35 degrees . f : oh then you 're in the mountains on wednesday . m : yes , a jacket will be warm enough . i 've got my coat for that day . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : ok , have a good time in the mountains on monday . (B) f : you 'd better pack something warmer for the mountains , i heard it would be very windy on wednesday . (C) f : ok , i hope you have a fruitful visit in the factory on wednesday . (D) f : ok , enjoy yourself in the mountains on thursday .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : excuse me , can you help me out ? i 'm trying to find the double happiness hotel . m : turn right at the second traffic light . it 's next to the hospital . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i 'm searching for double happiness hospital . (B) f : i 'm searching for home in hotel . thanks for your guiding . (C) f : i 'm searching for double happiness hotel . thanks for your guiding . (D) f : can you say it again ? how can i find the bus stop ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: f : i'm searching for double happiness hotel. thanks for your guiding.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : excuse me , can you help me out ? i 'm trying to find the double happiness hotel . m : turn right at the second traffic light . it 's next to the hospital . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i 'm searching for double happiness hospital . (B) f : i 'm searching for home in hotel . thanks for your guiding . (C) f : i 'm searching for double happiness hotel . thanks for your guiding . (D) f : can you say it again ? how can i find the bus stop ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : hello , i need to schedule my trip to paris for next week . f : when would you like to travel ? m : i have to reach paris by the twenty-fourth . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i 'll book a 20th ticket for you , so you can arrive on the 21st as you required . (B) f : sure , sir . we have a flight that arrives at paris on the 24th , which is tomorrow . (C) f : no problem . just let me check which flight can bring you to paris by the 24th . (D) f : so you want to reach pairs by 31st two weeks later and then start the trip , right ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C. \n", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: m : hello , i need to schedule my trip to paris for next week . f : when would you like to travel ? m : i have to reach paris by the twenty-fourth . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i 'll book a 20th ticket for you , so you can arrive on the 21st as you required . (B) f : sure , sir . we have a flight that arrives at paris on the 24th , which is tomorrow . (C) f : no problem . just let me check which flight can bring you to paris by the 24th . (D) f : so you want to reach pairs by 31st two weeks later and then start the trip , right ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : hi mrs marten , guess what ? i 've decided that i want to play a sport . i 'm thinking about joining one of the teams at school . f : that 's a great idea joe , which sport do you want to play ? m : i 'm not sure , which one i 'd be good at . i can run really fast , but i 'm not very good at throwing or catching a ball . f : um , well , you probably should n't play baseball or football then , and you would n't be very good at basketball either . m : is there a swim team ? maybe i 'd be better at that . f : we were supposed to have a swim team this year . but we did n't get enough money . i 'm sorry joe . m : oh well , i guess i can find something else to do . thanks for your advice . f : no problem , maybe we can look at the different clubs on campus you could join instead . can you come back to see me after class ? i 'll be in the school volunteers office . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : sure , thank you for your advice ! i 'd like to join in the baseball team . (B) m : ok , see you on campus after school . thanks for inviting me to the volunteer team . (C) m : sure , i 'd like to join the volunteer team before school start . thank you ! (D) m : yeah , i will think about join in some clubs on campus . thank you , see you !\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: m : yeah , i will think about join in some clubs on campus . thank you , see you !", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : hi mrs marten , guess what ? i 've decided that i want to play a sport . i 'm thinking about joining one of the teams at school . f : that 's a great idea joe , which sport do you want to play ? m : i 'm not sure , which one i 'd be good at . i can run really fast , but i 'm not very good at throwing or catching a ball . f : um , well , you probably should n't play baseball or football then , and you would n't be very good at basketball either . m : is there a swim team ? maybe i 'd be better at that . f : we were supposed to have a swim team this year . but we did n't get enough money . i 'm sorry joe . m : oh well , i guess i can find something else to do . thanks for your advice . f : no problem , maybe we can look at the different clubs on campus you could join instead . can you come back to see me after class ? i 'll be in the school volunteers office . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : sure , thank you for your advice ! i 'd like to join in the baseball team . (B) m : ok , see you on campus after school . thanks for inviting me to the volunteer team . (C) m : sure , i 'd like to join the volunteer team before school start . thank you ! (D) m : yeah , i will think about join in some clubs on campus . thank you , see you !\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : airline food is terrible . m : i disagree . the meals on some airlines are good . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : thanks for your answer . i think i understand how to get my airline food . (B) f : i like arguing with you about the airline training . (C) f : you know what ? i like arguing with you because you always have a different opinion . (D) f : stop complaining , the airline service is not that bad .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C. \nf : You know what ? I like arguing with you because you always have a different opinion.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : airline food is terrible . m : i disagree . the meals on some airlines are good . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : thanks for your answer . i think i understand how to get my airline food . (B) f : i like arguing with you about the airline training . (C) f : you know what ? i like arguing with you because you always have a different opinion . (D) f : stop complaining , the airline service is not that bad .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : hi , i 'm george . i 'll be your waiter this evening . are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? f : i 'm ready now . i 'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : let me pack this pair of shoes for you . (B) m : here 's your ticket for tonight 's musical . (C) m : i 'd recommend this kind of wine . it suits the beef you order . (D) m : ok. what else do you want to order . this is the best seller at our restaurant .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: m : ok. what else do you want to order . this is the best seller at our restaurant .", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : hi , i 'm george . i 'll be your waiter this evening . are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? f : i 'm ready now . i 'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : let me pack this pair of shoes for you . (B) m : here 's your ticket for tonight 's musical . (C) m : i 'd recommend this kind of wine . it suits the beef you order . (D) m : ok. what else do you want to order . this is the best seller at our restaurant .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : what were you like when you were my age ? f : that was a long time ago , i was a lot like you actually . i loved art and i took dance lessons . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i like doing art projects , too . (B) m : you were not like me . you like playing with a cat . (C) m : i know you enjoy doing art projects , so you still take dance lessons now . (D) m : you do n't love art , but you enjoy taking photographs .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A: m : I like doing art projects, too. \n", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: m : what were you like when you were my age ? f : that was a long time ago , i was a lot like you actually . i loved art and i took dance lessons . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i like doing art projects , too . (B) m : you were not like me . you like playing with a cat . (C) m : i know you enjoy doing art projects , so you still take dance lessons now . (D) m : you do n't love art , but you enjoy taking photographs .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : i think i 'm going to give up playing tennis . i lost again today . f : just because you lost ? is that a good reason to quit ? \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you mean i should stick to what i am doing ? but i lost again today ! (B) m : why you think i should stop playing tennis ? i did n't lose again today . (C) m : you mean i should stick to what i am doing because i won again today ? (D) m : so , you mean i should find the cause of failure ? but i think i 'm going to give up playing baseball .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A: m : you mean i should stick to what i am doing ? but i lost again today !", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: m : i think i 'm going to give up playing tennis . i lost again today . f : just because you lost ? is that a good reason to quit ? \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you mean i should stick to what i am doing ? but i lost again today ! (B) m : why you think i should stop playing tennis ? i did n't lose again today . (C) m : you mean i should stick to what i am doing because i won again today ? (D) m : so , you mean i should find the cause of failure ? but i think i 'm going to give up playing baseball .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : jonas , have you finished the report yet ? m : i 'm afraid i 'm still reading through all these papers . do you need it right now ? f : i do n't , but mr. steadman will be asking about it soon . you know , he always starts to get anxious about the weekly report about this time of the day . m : but it 's only thursday morning . we have a day and a half left before he needs it . and what if something big happens today ? \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i do n't know . but we need to finish it right now . the report is due this morning . (B) f : i do n't know . we still have a day and a half left . the report is due tomorrow afternoon . (C) f : i do n't know . but we need to finish quickly . the report is due tomorrow morning . (D) f : i do n't know . we can discuss it on friday afternoon . the report is due the next monday .\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B. \nf : i do n't know . we still have a day and a half left . the report is due tomorrow afternoon .", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : jonas , have you finished the report yet ? m : i 'm afraid i 'm still reading through all these papers . do you need it right now ? f : i do n't , but mr. steadman will be asking about it soon . you know , he always starts to get anxious about the weekly report about this time of the day . m : but it 's only thursday morning . we have a day and a half left before he needs it . and what if something big happens today ? \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i do n't know . but we need to finish it right now . the report is due this morning . (B) f : i do n't know . we still have a day and a half left . the report is due tomorrow afternoon . (C) f : i do n't know . but we need to finish quickly . the report is due tomorrow morning . (D) f : i do n't know . we can discuss it on friday afternoon . the report is due the next monday .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : next . eh , your passport please . f : ok , here you are . m : eh , what is the purpose of your visit ? f : i 'm here to attend a teaching convention for the first part of my trip , and then i plan on touring the capital for a few days . m : and where will you be staying ? f : i 'll be staying at a hotel downtown for the entire week . m : and what do you have in your luggage ? f : eh , well . just , just my personal belongings , emm , clothes , a few books and a cd player . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : sorry , ma'am . you need to take your computer out of the luggage for security check . clothing and books are fine . (B) m : it 's ok to keep your cd player , clothing and books in the luggage . please make sure you have taken out your lighter , if you have any . (C) m : alright , i see books , gifts and computer in your luggage . what are in the gifts ? (D) m : let me see . there are clothing and books in your luggage . and you also bring a cd player for your two-day trip ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B. \nm : It's ok to keep your cd player, clothing and books in the luggage. Please make sure you have taken out your lighter,", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : next . eh , your passport please . f : ok , here you are . m : eh , what is the purpose of your visit ? f : i 'm here to attend a teaching convention for the first part of my trip , and then i plan on touring the capital for a few days . m : and where will you be staying ? f : i 'll be staying at a hotel downtown for the entire week . m : and what do you have in your luggage ? f : eh , well . just , just my personal belongings , emm , clothes , a few books and a cd player . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : sorry , ma'am . you need to take your computer out of the luggage for security check . clothing and books are fine . (B) m : it 's ok to keep your cd player , clothing and books in the luggage . please make sure you have taken out your lighter , if you have any . (C) m : alright , i see books , gifts and computer in your luggage . what are in the gifts ? (D) m : let me see . there are clothing and books in your luggage . and you also bring a cd player for your two-day trip ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : excuse me . can you answer some of my questions ? i 'm doing a quick survey on a tv program . m : sorry , i ca n't stop . i 'm supposed to be in class at 9:00 and it 's already 10 past . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : we can meet after class . the class finishes at 9:00 . (B) f : you stayed up late last night and did n't get up until 10 o 'clock today . (C) f : i think you can answer my survey question at 9:10 . (D) f : it 's 9:10 now . i wo n't bother you to go to class .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " A: f : we can meet after class . the class finishes at 9:00 .", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: f : excuse me . can you answer some of my questions ? i 'm doing a quick survey on a tv program . m : sorry , i ca n't stop . i 'm supposed to be in class at 9:00 and it 's already 10 past . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : we can meet after class . the class finishes at 9:00 . (B) f : you stayed up late last night and did n't get up until 10 o 'clock today . (C) f : i think you can answer my survey question at 9:10 . (D) f : it 's 9:10 now . i wo n't bother you to go to class .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : i have heard that you live in the city for many years . have you ever been to the countryside ? m : last summer , my parents and i went to the countryside to visit my grandmother . f : do you like the country life ? m : yes , there is fresh air and lots of green fields . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : since you visited your aunt last summer , why did n't you go to the countryside ? (B) f : since you visited your grandfather last summer , why did n't you go to the countryside ? (C) f : you visited your grandmother last summer . was it the first time you went to the country ? (D) f : since you visited your grandmother last summer , why did n't you go to the countryside ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " D: f : since you visited your grandmother last summer , why did n't you go to the countryside ?", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : i have heard that you live in the city for many years . have you ever been to the countryside ? m : last summer , my parents and i went to the countryside to visit my grandmother . f : do you like the country life ? m : yes , there is fresh air and lots of green fields . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : since you visited your aunt last summer , why did n't you go to the countryside ? (B) f : since you visited your grandfather last summer , why did n't you go to the countryside ? (C) f : you visited your grandmother last summer . was it the first time you went to the country ? (D) f : since you visited your grandmother last summer , why did n't you go to the countryside ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : may i come in ? f : yes , come in and take a seat please . well , we have read your email . so we know a bit about you . but today , we 'd like to ask you a few more questions . what languages can you speak besides chinese and english ? m : i can speak german , italian , japanese , french and russian . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : genius . you can speak seven languages ! (B) f : so you master six languages , but not chinese . quite impressive . (C) f : oh , you speak five languages . do you want to learn more ? (D) f : besides the seven languages you already known , maybe you can try to learn some chinese and japanese if you have time .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " B: f : so you master six languages, but not chinese. Quite impressive.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : may i come in ? f : yes , come in and take a seat please . well , we have read your email . so we know a bit about you . but today , we 'd like to ask you a few more questions . what languages can you speak besides chinese and english ? m : i can speak german , italian , japanese , french and russian . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : genius . you can speak seven languages ! (B) f : so you master six languages , but not chinese . quite impressive . (C) f : oh , you speak five languages . do you want to learn more ? (D) f : besides the seven languages you already known , maybe you can try to learn some chinese and japanese if you have time .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : where have you been these days ? m : i have been to beijing . f : who did you go with ? m : my parents . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you went to beijing alone . did you feel bored ? (B) f : it 's your honeymoon trip , you and your wife must have had a good time in beijing . (C) f : you have been to beijing with two friends . tell me more about your time there . (D) f : so it 's a family trip of 3 people . that sounds good .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D. \nf : So it's a family trip of 3 people. That sounds good.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : where have you been these days ? m : i have been to beijing . f : who did you go with ? m : my parents . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you went to beijing alone . did you feel bored ? (B) f : it 's your honeymoon trip , you and your wife must have had a good time in beijing . (C) f : you have been to beijing with two friends . tell me more about your time there . (D) f : so it 's a family trip of 3 people . that sounds good .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : good morning , mister black . m : good morning . could you help me please ? i 'm looking for some books for my mother . f : ok. what kind of books is she interested in ? m : she 's very fond of romantic love stories . f : i see . what about this one ? has she read it before ? m : i 'm not sure . but she probably wo n't remember the story even if she has . she 's very forgetful . f : how old is she ? m : she 'll be 90 next year . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : wow ! your mother is turning 90 this year . (B) f : i did n't know that your mother is 91 already . (C) f : so your mother is turning 89 next year , right ? (D) f : so your mother is 89 years old , right ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f : so your mother is 89 years old, right?", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : good morning , mister black . m : good morning . could you help me please ? i 'm looking for some books for my mother . f : ok. what kind of books is she interested in ? m : she 's very fond of romantic love stories . f : i see . what about this one ? has she read it before ? m : i 'm not sure . but she probably wo n't remember the story even if she has . she 's very forgetful . f : how old is she ? m : she 'll be 90 next year . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : wow ! your mother is turning 90 this year . (B) f : i did n't know that your mother is 91 already . (C) f : so your mother is turning 89 next year , right ? (D) f : so your mother is 89 years old , right ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : hi sandra . f : hi . m : are you working on something ? f : yeah , i 'm preparing a presentation for my history class . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : oh , you need to give a history lesson . good for you ! (B) m : what 's your presentation about ? do you need any help ? (C) m : what 's your presentation for chinese class about ? (D) m : what are the problems in preparing for your english class ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B: m : what's your presentation about? do you need any help? \n", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : hi sandra . f : hi . m : are you working on something ? f : yeah , i 'm preparing a presentation for my history class . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : oh , you need to give a history lesson . good for you ! (B) m : what 's your presentation about ? do you need any help ? (C) m : what 's your presentation for chinese class about ? (D) m : what are the problems in preparing for your english class ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : when will the train from boston arrive ? f : it was scheduled to be here at 9:15 , but now it is expected to be 15 minutes behind schedule . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : so the train from boston will be here at 10:05 , right ? (B) m : so the train from new york will be here at 9:30 , right ? (C) m : so the train from boston will be here at 9:50 , right ? (D) m : so the train from boston will be here at 9:30 , right ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " C: m : so the train from boston will be here at 9:50 , right ?", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: m : when will the train from boston arrive ? f : it was scheduled to be here at 9:15 , but now it is expected to be 15 minutes behind schedule . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : so the train from boston will be here at 10:05 , right ? (B) m : so the train from new york will be here at 9:30 , right ? (C) m : so the train from boston will be here at 9:50 , right ? (D) m : so the train from boston will be here at 9:30 , right ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : what do you do in your free time nancy ? f : well , i like playing the violin . how about you ? still like drawing pictures ? m : no . i like taking photos now . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : it 's good to hear that you still enjoy drawing pictures . (B) f : why did n't you like taking photos ? (C) f : oh , i did n't know that . when did you start taking photos ? (D) f : it 's good to hear that you still enjoy playing the violin as much as i do .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: f : oh , i did n't know that . when did you start taking photos ?", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: m : what do you do in your free time nancy ? f : well , i like playing the violin . how about you ? still like drawing pictures ? m : no . i like taking photos now . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : it 's good to hear that you still enjoy drawing pictures . (B) f : why did n't you like taking photos ? (C) f : oh , i did n't know that . when did you start taking photos ? (D) f : it 's good to hear that you still enjoy playing the violin as much as i do .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : ok , just sign your name right here on this line and you will officially own your house . f : excellent . i ca n't believe i just bought a house . i 've waited such a long time to own a house . when can i move in ? m : the previous owners need to clean the house this weekend . but you can move in on monday morning . do you have the keys ? f : no , i do n't have the keys . can i pick them up from your office tomorrow ? m : my office is n't open on fridays , but i can bring them to you this weekend . do you have all the copies of these important papers ? f : yes , i have a question . do you sell houses in springfield too ? my friend wants to sell his house and i 'd love to recommend you . you were great to work with . m : yes , i do . thanks for the recommendation . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i 'm so moving about your work . (B) f : i enjoy working with you but i wo n't recommend you to my friends . (C) f : my friend has moved to springfield . (D) f : i really enjoy working with you . my friend wants to sell his house and i 'd love to recommend you .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f : I really enjoy working with you . my friend wants to sell his house and I'd love to recommend you .", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : ok , just sign your name right here on this line and you will officially own your house . f : excellent . i ca n't believe i just bought a house . i 've waited such a long time to own a house . when can i move in ? m : the previous owners need to clean the house this weekend . but you can move in on monday morning . do you have the keys ? f : no , i do n't have the keys . can i pick them up from your office tomorrow ? m : my office is n't open on fridays , but i can bring them to you this weekend . do you have all the copies of these important papers ? f : yes , i have a question . do you sell houses in springfield too ? my friend wants to sell his house and i 'd love to recommend you . you were great to work with . m : yes , i do . thanks for the recommendation . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i 'm so moving about your work . (B) f : i enjoy working with you but i wo n't recommend you to my friends . (C) f : my friend has moved to springfield . (D) f : i really enjoy working with you . my friend wants to sell his house and i 'd love to recommend you .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : it 's freezing cold out here , joan ! you said would be just a little chilly . f : yes , i know , george . we should walk home faster to keep warm . m : awe , and what is that ? f : oh , just a bit of thunder . nothing to worry about . m : just a bit of thunder ? nothing to worry about ? now it 's pouring and i 'm getting cold and wet . f : emm , yeah , we should probably run now . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you 're right . let 's put on clothes together . (B) m : you 're right . let 's run to the train station together . (C) m : you 're right . let 's walk faster together . (D) m : you 're right . let 's run home together .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: m: You're right. Let's run home together.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : it 's freezing cold out here , joan ! you said would be just a little chilly . f : yes , i know , george . we should walk home faster to keep warm . m : awe , and what is that ? f : oh , just a bit of thunder . nothing to worry about . m : just a bit of thunder ? nothing to worry about ? now it 's pouring and i 'm getting cold and wet . f : emm , yeah , we should probably run now . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you 're right . let 's put on clothes together . (B) m : you 're right . let 's run to the train station together . (C) m : you 're right . let 's walk faster together . (D) m : you 're right . let 's run home together .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : hi , henry , i did n't go to school today . could you tell me about today 's homework ? m : sure , we were told to read a short story written by ernest hemingway . we 'll discuss it in class next monday . f : what is the short story ? m : a days wait . have you read this story before ? f : no , but i do have read his novel , the old man and the sea . by the way , do you have an online version of the story ? m : no , you can search for it . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : really ? you have an online version of the story but a days wait is a novel ? (B) f : okay . actually , i have read a days wait , and it was newly written . (C) f : you mean i can not search for it ? but it 's just a short story ! (D) f : okay . as a days wait is a short story , i think i can search for it easily .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f : okay . as a days wait is a short story , i think i can search for it easily .", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : hi , henry , i did n't go to school today . could you tell me about today 's homework ? m : sure , we were told to read a short story written by ernest hemingway . we 'll discuss it in class next monday . f : what is the short story ? m : a days wait . have you read this story before ? f : no , but i do have read his novel , the old man and the sea . by the way , do you have an online version of the story ? m : no , you can search for it . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : really ? you have an online version of the story but a days wait is a novel ? (B) f : okay . actually , i have read a days wait , and it was newly written . (C) f : you mean i can not search for it ? but it 's just a short story ! (D) f : okay . as a days wait is a short story , i think i can search for it easily .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : we are thinking about putting on a show this spring . m : and do you think you 'll be able to make some money ? f : oh no , we just want to do it for the fun of it , you know , there are a lot of us who like to perform on a stage . m : what kind of show ? f : a musical play . m : have you decided who is going to do it ? f : we have 3 people in mind , and of course we 've been thinking about you . m : me ? why me ? f : you sing , do n't you ? everyone says you have a wonderful voice . m : well , i have sung a little . but i 've never really appeared on a stage . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : many people will come to our ballet this autumn , but we do n't need you on stage . (B) f : that 's why the show is all about your solos . there will be three songs altogether . (C) f : you often perform on stage , so you 'll be fine with the other two performers this time . (D) f : do n't worry . there will be other two performers playing with you in the musical play .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f: Don't worry. There will be other two performers playing with you in the musical play.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : we are thinking about putting on a show this spring . m : and do you think you 'll be able to make some money ? f : oh no , we just want to do it for the fun of it , you know , there are a lot of us who like to perform on a stage . m : what kind of show ? f : a musical play . m : have you decided who is going to do it ? f : we have 3 people in mind , and of course we 've been thinking about you . m : me ? why me ? f : you sing , do n't you ? everyone says you have a wonderful voice . m : well , i have sung a little . but i 've never really appeared on a stage . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : many people will come to our ballet this autumn , but we do n't need you on stage . (B) f : that 's why the show is all about your solos . there will be three songs altogether . (C) f : you often perform on stage , so you 'll be fine with the other two performers this time . (D) f : do n't worry . there will be other two performers playing with you in the musical play .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : hi , henry , i did n't go to school today . could you tell me about today 's homework ? m : sure , we were told to read a short story written by ernest hemingway . we 'll discuss it in class next monday . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : thanks . although i went to school today , i did n't listen carefully . so , the call is to ask about ernest hemingway . (B) f : a long story written by ernest hemingway ? ok , this call is to ask about homework , and now i get it . (C) f : we 'll discuss it in class next tuesday ? oh , the.call is to ask about today 's class ! (D) f : oh , thank you very much . the call is to ask about homework , and now i get it .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D. \nf : Oh, thank you very much. The call is to ask about homework, and now I get it.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : hi , henry , i did n't go to school today . could you tell me about today 's homework ? m : sure , we were told to read a short story written by ernest hemingway . we 'll discuss it in class next monday . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : thanks . although i went to school today , i did n't listen carefully . so , the call is to ask about ernest hemingway . (B) f : a long story written by ernest hemingway ? ok , this call is to ask about homework , and now i get it . (C) f : we 'll discuss it in class next tuesday ? oh , the.call is to ask about today 's class ! (D) f : oh , thank you very much . the call is to ask about homework , and now i get it .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : eh , did you move ? i went over to your old house , but it was empty . m : i 'm living in the countryside now , the air is cleaner and i 'm closer to school . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you used to live in the countryside . (B) f : why do you used to live in a very cold house ? (C) f : i live near the school now , but you live in city (D) f : oh , you live near the school now .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f : oh , you live near the school now.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : eh , did you move ? i went over to your old house , but it was empty . m : i 'm living in the countryside now , the air is cleaner and i 'm closer to school . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you used to live in the countryside . (B) f : why do you used to live in a very cold house ? (C) f : i live near the school now , but you live in city (D) f : oh , you live near the school now .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : welcome to danny 's , may i take your order please ? f : yeah , i 'd like a turkey sandwich . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you have a good taste . fish sandwich is green 's specialty . (B) m : ok , i 'll give you a turkey sandwich soon . (C) m : although you did n't order a turkey sandwich , i recommend it . (D) m : all right . but you would n't like the chicken sandwich which is green 's specialty .\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B: m : ok , i 'll give you a turkey sandwich soon .", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : welcome to danny 's , may i take your order please ? f : yeah , i 'd like a turkey sandwich . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : you have a good taste . fish sandwich is green 's specialty . (B) m : ok , i 'll give you a turkey sandwich soon . (C) m : although you did n't order a turkey sandwich , i recommend it . (D) m : all right . but you would n't like the chicken sandwich which is green 's specialty .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : karl how long do you spend on your computer each evening ? m : well , my college work usually takes at least 2 hours . f : is at all ? then i think maybe i spend too much time looking for information every day . i start off by researching one topic on a website , and then i follow a link to something else . suddenly i realize how late it is , and i 'm on a completely different subject , and i still have n't finished the work i was supposed to do . m : it 's a waste of time , and you know you ca n't believe everything you read on the internet . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yes . i spend most of the time on the internet to do homework . (B) f : yes . i have spent so much time on reading useless information on the newspaper . (C) f : yes . i spend most of the time on the internet to carry out research . (D) f : yes . i have spent so much time on reading useless information online .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " C: f : yes . i spend most of the time on the internet to carry out research .", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : karl how long do you spend on your computer each evening ? m : well , my college work usually takes at least 2 hours . f : is at all ? then i think maybe i spend too much time looking for information every day . i start off by researching one topic on a website , and then i follow a link to something else . suddenly i realize how late it is , and i 'm on a completely different subject , and i still have n't finished the work i was supposed to do . m : it 's a waste of time , and you know you ca n't believe everything you read on the internet . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yes . i spend most of the time on the internet to do homework . (B) f : yes . i have spent so much time on reading useless information on the newspaper . (C) f : yes . i spend most of the time on the internet to carry out research . (D) f : yes . i have spent so much time on reading useless information online .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : kathy , it seems you 're having a lot of fun playing tennis . f : would you like to learn ? m : yes , how do you play ? f : tennis can be played in singles or doubles . look , there , the outside lines are for doubles and the inside lines are for singles . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i see . the outside lines of the basketball court are for singles . (B) m : ok. the outside lines are for doubles . i will remember that . (C) m : tennis can only be played in doubles . and the outside lines are for doubles . (D) m : i know . the outside lines are for new learners of the basketball .\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B.\nm : ok. the outside lines are for doubles . i will remember that .", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: m : kathy , it seems you 're having a lot of fun playing tennis . f : would you like to learn ? m : yes , how do you play ? f : tennis can be played in singles or doubles . look , there , the outside lines are for doubles and the inside lines are for singles . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i see . the outside lines of the basketball court are for singles . (B) m : ok. the outside lines are for doubles . i will remember that . (C) m : tennis can only be played in doubles . and the outside lines are for doubles . (D) m : i know . the outside lines are for new learners of the basketball .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : was n't mr. smith supposed to be at the meeting ? f : yes , but something came up and he could n't make it . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : mr. smith was late for the meeting , because there was a traffic jam . (B) m : mr. smith did n't know there 's a meeting today , so he missed it . (C) m : it 's a pity that mr. smith missed the meeting . (D) m : oh , you did n't invite mr. smith to the meeting .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: m: It's a pity that Mr. Smith missed the meeting.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: m : was n't mr. smith supposed to be at the meeting ? f : yes , but something came up and he could n't make it . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : mr. smith was late for the meeting , because there was a traffic jam . (B) m : mr. smith did n't know there 's a meeting today , so he missed it . (C) m : it 's a pity that mr. smith missed the meeting . (D) m : oh , you did n't invite mr. smith to the meeting .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : what time is it ? we 're going to be late ! m : it 's a quarter after 7. we 're on time . do n't panic . f : but i thought we had to be at the restaurant by 7:30 for the surprise party , we will never make it there with all this evening traffic . m : sure , we will . rush hour is almost over . anyway , the party starts at 30 minutes later , but i do need help with directions . can you call the restaurant and ask them where we park our car ? \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : if you want to know the traffic condition , you should ask earlier . it is already 7:30 pm now . (B) f : do n't worry about where the parking lot of the restaurant is , it 's only 7:00 pm now . (C) f : i will ask the location of the restaurant for you and which bus station shall we get off . (D) f : ok , i ask the restaurant where their parking lot is . just stop the car and wait a minute .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f: Ok, I'll ask the restaurant where their parking lot is. Just stop the car and wait a minute.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : what time is it ? we 're going to be late ! m : it 's a quarter after 7. we 're on time . do n't panic . f : but i thought we had to be at the restaurant by 7:30 for the surprise party , we will never make it there with all this evening traffic . m : sure , we will . rush hour is almost over . anyway , the party starts at 30 minutes later , but i do need help with directions . can you call the restaurant and ask them where we park our car ? \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : if you want to know the traffic condition , you should ask earlier . it is already 7:30 pm now . (B) f : do n't worry about where the parking lot of the restaurant is , it 's only 7:00 pm now . (C) f : i will ask the location of the restaurant for you and which bus station shall we get off . (D) f : ok , i ask the restaurant where their parking lot is . just stop the car and wait a minute .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : are there running groups in this neighborhood ? i 've been wanting to run in the mornings , but i do n't like to do it alone . m : yeah , there is a group that meets at the park a few blocks from the university . they meet every sunday morning . f : i should join them . i wonder how far they run . m : they usually run to the river , about a mile i think . f : no , that would be about 3 miles . i usually only run , too . m : well , maybe running with other people will give you more energy . when i bike with others , i always go faster and farther . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : maybe . i will try to run further than my usual two miles with the running group . (B) f : yeah , especially when the group runs one mile , just like my usual distance . (C) f : but the group only runs one mile , shorter than my usual distance of two miles . (D) f : no worries , i 'm used to running three miles , so i think i 'll be fine with the group .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " D: f: No worries, I'm used to running three miles, so I think I'll be fine with the group.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : are there running groups in this neighborhood ? i 've been wanting to run in the mornings , but i do n't like to do it alone . m : yeah , there is a group that meets at the park a few blocks from the university . they meet every sunday morning . f : i should join them . i wonder how far they run . m : they usually run to the river , about a mile i think . f : no , that would be about 3 miles . i usually only run , too . m : well , maybe running with other people will give you more energy . when i bike with others , i always go faster and farther . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : maybe . i will try to run further than my usual two miles with the running group . (B) f : yeah , especially when the group runs one mile , just like my usual distance . (C) f : but the group only runs one mile , shorter than my usual distance of two miles . (D) f : no worries , i 'm used to running three miles , so i think i 'll be fine with the group .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : hi , victor . can we have a talk today ? m : i 'd love to , but i 've got a pretty tight schedule today . i 'll finish a report by 10:00 and then drive to the airport to pick up an engineer at 11:00. after that , i 'll have a meeting with him over lunch . i wo n't have a break until 2 o'clock . but then from 3:00 until 5:00 , i have to attend a senior staff meeting . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i understand . so you 'll be at the office and get nothing to do at 4 o'clock . let 's have a talk at that time . (B) f : okay , so you 'll be at the office at 4 o'clock . maybe we can have a talk at 6 o'clock . (C) f : great ! see you at the airport at 4 o'clock . (D) f : no problem ! see you at the restaurant at 4 o'clock . i ca n't wait to eat dinner with you since we 've finished a long talk .\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B. \nf : okay , so you 'll be at the office at 4 o'clock . maybe we can have a talk at 6 o'", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : hi , victor . can we have a talk today ? m : i 'd love to , but i 've got a pretty tight schedule today . i 'll finish a report by 10:00 and then drive to the airport to pick up an engineer at 11:00. after that , i 'll have a meeting with him over lunch . i wo n't have a break until 2 o'clock . but then from 3:00 until 5:00 , i have to attend a senior staff meeting . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i understand . so you 'll be at the office and get nothing to do at 4 o'clock . let 's have a talk at that time . (B) f : okay , so you 'll be at the office at 4 o'clock . maybe we can have a talk at 6 o'clock . (C) f : great ! see you at the airport at 4 o'clock . (D) f : no problem ! see you at the restaurant at 4 o'clock . i ca n't wait to eat dinner with you since we 've finished a long talk .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : what do you do in your spare time ? m : i have many hobbies . i like almost all kinds of sports , and i also like to listen to classical music . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : same as you , i enjoy listening to pop music in spare time . (B) f : you play guitar well . no wonder that you like country music . (C) f : listening classical music while working is quite relaxing for you . (D) f : really ? what classical music do you like best ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f : really ? what classical music do you like best ? \n", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : what do you do in your spare time ? m : i have many hobbies . i like almost all kinds of sports , and i also like to listen to classical music . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : same as you , i enjoy listening to pop music in spare time . (B) f : you play guitar well . no wonder that you like country music . (C) f : listening classical music while working is quite relaxing for you . (D) f : really ? what classical music do you like best ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : tim , you 're going to talk about your project and how to lead a greener life . why did you choose that subject ? m : well . we 'd learned a lot about the environment in our science lessons , so i decided to see what i could do in my own life rather than just act completely helpless . and i knew the rest of my family would be interested . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : although you did the project on how to lead a greener life for finding more information for your science lessons , your family would n't be interested , right ? (B) f : so you did the project on how to lead a greener life for doing something to help the environment , right ? (C) f : so you did the project on how to lead a greener life for doing something to help the environment , but your family would not be interested , right ? (D) f : although you did the project on how to lead a greener life for getting your family interested in the project , your family would n't be interested , right ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B: f : so you did the project on how to lead a greener life for doing something to help the environment, right?", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : tim , you 're going to talk about your project and how to lead a greener life . why did you choose that subject ? m : well . we 'd learned a lot about the environment in our science lessons , so i decided to see what i could do in my own life rather than just act completely helpless . and i knew the rest of my family would be interested . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : although you did the project on how to lead a greener life for finding more information for your science lessons , your family would n't be interested , right ? (B) f : so you did the project on how to lead a greener life for doing something to help the environment , right ? (C) f : so you did the project on how to lead a greener life for doing something to help the environment , but your family would not be interested , right ? (D) f : although you did the project on how to lead a greener life for getting your family interested in the project , your family would n't be interested , right ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : how is travel in the 1960s different from that of the early 1900s dad ? m : well in the 1960s people rode in cars over wide roads . they flew in planes from europe to america in a few hours . f : what about the 1900s ? m : in the early 1900s planes were very new , to see one was so unusual that people of a town stopped what they were doing to watch it flying overhead . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : so it was unusual to see a plane in the early 1900s because there were few planes . (B) f : so it was unusual to see a plane in the early 2000s because there were few planes . (C) f : so it was unusual because because the government did n't want people to see planes . (D) f : so it was unusual to see a plane in the early 1900s because planes were sent to fight .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A: f : so it was unusual to see a plane in the early 1900s because there were few planes .", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: f : how is travel in the 1960s different from that of the early 1900s dad ? m : well in the 1960s people rode in cars over wide roads . they flew in planes from europe to america in a few hours . f : what about the 1900s ? m : in the early 1900s planes were very new , to see one was so unusual that people of a town stopped what they were doing to watch it flying overhead . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : so it was unusual to see a plane in the early 1900s because there were few planes . (B) f : so it was unusual to see a plane in the early 2000s because there were few planes . (C) f : so it was unusual because because the government did n't want people to see planes . (D) f : so it was unusual to see a plane in the early 1900s because planes were sent to fight .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : so , how long have you been driving this bus ? m : for about a year . but before i drove this bus , i had been driving buses for 10 years . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : oh , you have been a bus driver for about one year . (B) f : you have been a bus driver for about 10 years . (C) f : wow . you have been a bus driver for about 11 years . (D) f : i have been a bus driver for about 11 years .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " B: f : you have been a bus driver for about 10 years .", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : so , how long have you been driving this bus ? m : for about a year . but before i drove this bus , i had been driving buses for 10 years . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : oh , you have been a bus driver for about one year . (B) f : you have been a bus driver for about 10 years . (C) f : wow . you have been a bus driver for about 11 years . (D) f : i have been a bus driver for about 11 years .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : i 'm looking for the laboratory . am i on the right floor ? f : no , it 's on the second floor . you can take the stair up . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : all right , thanks ! i 'm on the first floor . i 'll go upstairs . (B) m : thank you . i see the laboratory at the corner . it 's on the first floor . (C) m : so you mean that the laboratory is on the third floor ? (D) m : since i 'm already on the second floor , i can go to the laboratory .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A. \nm : all right , thanks ! i 'm on the first floor . i 'll go upstairs .", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: m : i 'm looking for the laboratory . am i on the right floor ? f : no , it 's on the second floor . you can take the stair up . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : all right , thanks ! i 'm on the first floor . i 'll go upstairs . (B) m : thank you . i see the laboratory at the corner . it 's on the first floor . (C) m : so you mean that the laboratory is on the third floor ? (D) m : since i 'm already on the second floor , i can go to the laboratory .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : is that the park hotel ? reservation desk , please . f : reservation desk . may i help you ? m : yes , please . i 'm phoning from the airport here in los angeles . i 'd like to reserve a single room for tonight . f : alright , sir . that 's a single room with a bath ? m : that 's right . how much will that be ? f : our singles began at 45 per night , sir . m : good . in that case , i 'll take a room , please . f : your name , please . m : my name is tony chan . t-o-n-y . f : thank you , mr. chan . when will you be arriving ? m : i 'm arriving very soon . i 'm waiting for a taxi to the hotel . f : right , sir . we 'll hold your room for you until 9:00 pm . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i 'm on a bus , so i can arrive before the room is cancelled at 8pm . (B) m : the room costs only 30 a night and you wait until 9pm . perfect . (C) m : oh , great . i can manage to arrive on time since you wait until 9pm . (D) m : wow , the room is reserved until 10pm tomorrow night . it 's good .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C. \nm : Oh, great. I can manage to arrive on time since you wait until 9pm.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: m : is that the park hotel ? reservation desk , please . f : reservation desk . may i help you ? m : yes , please . i 'm phoning from the airport here in los angeles . i 'd like to reserve a single room for tonight . f : alright , sir . that 's a single room with a bath ? m : that 's right . how much will that be ? f : our singles began at 45 per night , sir . m : good . in that case , i 'll take a room , please . f : your name , please . m : my name is tony chan . t-o-n-y . f : thank you , mr. chan . when will you be arriving ? m : i 'm arriving very soon . i 'm waiting for a taxi to the hotel . f : right , sir . we 'll hold your room for you until 9:00 pm . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i 'm on a bus , so i can arrive before the room is cancelled at 8pm . (B) m : the room costs only 30 a night and you wait until 9pm . perfect . (C) m : oh , great . i can manage to arrive on time since you wait until 9pm . (D) m : wow , the room is reserved until 10pm tomorrow night . it 's good .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : good evening steven , thank you for being with us . m : thank you for having me . f : so steven , as a guitar player how to describe your music ? is it a kind of folk rock or a mixture of pop and rock ? m : well , i just wanted to be real rock , hard and solid . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yeah . i think your music is modern pop as well . it 's great . (B) f : well , i think your music is hard rock . why do n't you think so ? (C) f : well , as for me , i love your folk music . it 's tender and gentle . (D) f : ok. i also think that your music is hard and solid rock .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " B. \nf : well , i think your music is hard rock . why do n't you think so ?", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : good evening steven , thank you for being with us . m : thank you for having me . f : so steven , as a guitar player how to describe your music ? is it a kind of folk rock or a mixture of pop and rock ? m : well , i just wanted to be real rock , hard and solid . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yeah . i think your music is modern pop as well . it 's great . (B) f : well , i think your music is hard rock . why do n't you think so ? (C) f : well , as for me , i love your folk music . it 's tender and gentle . (D) f : ok. i also think that your music is hard and solid rock .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : where is mom ? it 's time to prepare supper . m : she has n't come back from the supermarket yet . i 'm sure she 'll return soon . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i will prepare breakfast soon , my little baby . (B) f : i 'm afraid that we do n't provide lunch in the shop . she will come back from the park . (C) f : it 's time to prepare lunch , brother . (D) f : then can you cook dinner for me , brother ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " C.\nf : It's time to prepare lunch, brother.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : where is mom ? it 's time to prepare supper . m : she has n't come back from the supermarket yet . i 'm sure she 'll return soon . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i will prepare breakfast soon , my little baby . (B) f : i 'm afraid that we do n't provide lunch in the shop . she will come back from the park . (C) f : it 's time to prepare lunch , brother . (D) f : then can you cook dinner for me , brother ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : are you busy tomorrow night ? i 'm going over to the workers club for volleyball . if you 'd like to come along ? m : is n't that far away ? f : not really . if you take the number 3 bus , you can get there in 10 minutes . and if volleyball does n't interest you , they 've got a huge indoor swimming pool , a weights room and an indoor track . it 's a great place to meet people . m : now that you mention it , it would be nice to get away from the computer center for a change . and i really should get so more exercise . working up a sweat in a ball game or the weights room would be nice . i 've gotten so fat . f : of course . look at me , you 're not the only one . in high school i had a lot more time to do sport activities . i was never a great athlete , but i had enough time to play tennis with my friends regularly . and during the winter , i 'd go skating almost once a week at a place near my home . but after starting college , all that extra time disappeared , because i was always hitting the books . now what little spare time you have must be used in doing exercises . at least the club is open until 12:00 am . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : opening until 12:00 at night is convenient for me , as i can go there after work . (B) m : i 'll join you tomorrow to go skating at the club as it opens until 12:00 at noon . (C) m : since the club opens until as late as 12:00 at night , let 's go outdoor swimming . (D) m : so the club opens at 12:00 at noon and closes at as early as 8:00pm . alright .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A: m : opening until 12:00 at night is convenient for me , as i can go there after work .", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: f : are you busy tomorrow night ? i 'm going over to the workers club for volleyball . if you 'd like to come along ? m : is n't that far away ? f : not really . if you take the number 3 bus , you can get there in 10 minutes . and if volleyball does n't interest you , they 've got a huge indoor swimming pool , a weights room and an indoor track . it 's a great place to meet people . m : now that you mention it , it would be nice to get away from the computer center for a change . and i really should get so more exercise . working up a sweat in a ball game or the weights room would be nice . i 've gotten so fat . f : of course . look at me , you 're not the only one . in high school i had a lot more time to do sport activities . i was never a great athlete , but i had enough time to play tennis with my friends regularly . and during the winter , i 'd go skating almost once a week at a place near my home . but after starting college , all that extra time disappeared , because i was always hitting the books . now what little spare time you have must be used in doing exercises . at least the club is open until 12:00 am . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : opening until 12:00 at night is convenient for me , as i can go there after work . (B) m : i 'll join you tomorrow to go skating at the club as it opens until 12:00 at noon . (C) m : since the club opens until as late as 12:00 at night , let 's go outdoor swimming . (D) m : so the club opens at 12:00 at noon and closes at as early as 8:00pm . alright .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : hey , what 's up ? m : well , i put a dollar in this machine for a 75 cent chocolate bar , then i pressed the change button , but nothing happened . f : well , did you talk to the shop owner over there to see if he could give back your money ? m : yeah , i tried that , but he said he did n't own the machine . hey , i have an idea . why do n't we rock the machine until the thing falls ? f : oh no . i do n't want to be responsible for breaking the machine . and besides , someone might call the police . why not try the phone number on the machine ? m : yeah , you 're right . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you 'll call the police . (B) f : you 'll rock the machine until the thing falls . (C) f : the shop owner over there will phone the number on the machine ! (D) f : you 'll phone number on the machine .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f: you'll phone the number on the machine.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : hey , what 's up ? m : well , i put a dollar in this machine for a 75 cent chocolate bar , then i pressed the change button , but nothing happened . f : well , did you talk to the shop owner over there to see if he could give back your money ? m : yeah , i tried that , but he said he did n't own the machine . hey , i have an idea . why do n't we rock the machine until the thing falls ? f : oh no . i do n't want to be responsible for breaking the machine . and besides , someone might call the police . why not try the phone number on the machine ? m : yeah , you 're right . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : you 'll call the police . (B) f : you 'll rock the machine until the thing falls . (C) f : the shop owner over there will phone the number on the machine ! (D) f : you 'll phone number on the machine .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : this is the last department , we have in your price range , and it is by far the nicest of the 3:00. you can see it has a great view over the city , and it is a good price , considering its place . m : wow , that 's a great view over the harbor . f : is n't it ? and it 's got everything . washing machine , dryer , dishwasher . you name it . m : hum , i wonder how i would get my furniture all the way up to the thirteenth floor , though . f : there is an elevator for that . m : ok , what about the bills ? f : heating and water are included in the rent . although electricity , cable tv and internet access are not . rent is $ 3000 per month . m : alright , the first place we looked at included everything , correct ? the basement suite ? f : yes , although prices are a little different outside the city , that 's why it 's $ 1600 cheaper . m : i see , and the studio that was $ 2000 a month , right ? f : yes , but i seem to remember you saying , you were worried about the noise at night , due to all the bars close by . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : besides , the studio at 12th floor will be hard to move in my furniture . (B) m : i do n't think the noisy at night form school will trouble me . (C) m : i do think the studio in the countryside is too far away . (D) m : yes , it is . i do really mind the noisy environment .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " C: m: I do think the studio in the countryside is too far away.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : this is the last department , we have in your price range , and it is by far the nicest of the 3:00. you can see it has a great view over the city , and it is a good price , considering its place . m : wow , that 's a great view over the harbor . f : is n't it ? and it 's got everything . washing machine , dryer , dishwasher . you name it . m : hum , i wonder how i would get my furniture all the way up to the thirteenth floor , though . f : there is an elevator for that . m : ok , what about the bills ? f : heating and water are included in the rent . although electricity , cable tv and internet access are not . rent is $ 3000 per month . m : alright , the first place we looked at included everything , correct ? the basement suite ? f : yes , although prices are a little different outside the city , that 's why it 's $ 1600 cheaper . m : i see , and the studio that was $ 2000 a month , right ? f : yes , but i seem to remember you saying , you were worried about the noise at night , due to all the bars close by . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : besides , the studio at 12th floor will be hard to move in my furniture . (B) m : i do n't think the noisy at night form school will trouble me . (C) m : i do think the studio in the countryside is too far away . (D) m : yes , it is . i do really mind the noisy environment .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : let 's plan , the dinner for the end of the year . f : i 've been talking to some of the other kids in the class and quite a few of them want to go to a pizza restaurant . m : um , i think i 've had enough of pizza . i eat it at least twice a week , it be good to have something different . f : well , there 's that chinese restaurant . the bamboo house . m : it 's closing next week for a month . they 're going to build a new kitchen or something . i remember going to someplace with a singer and guitarist . and it was great . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yeah , the chinese restaurant does n't have music , we should go somewhere else . (B) f : i agree . the pizza restaurant is quite noisy . (C) f : oh really , i did n't know that the pizza restaurant . was going to be closed temporarily . (D) f : oh , i did n't know that the bamboo house was going to be closed temporarily . let 's choose somewhere else then .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f : oh , i did n't know that the bamboo house was going to be closed temporarily . let 's choose somewhere else then .", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : let 's plan , the dinner for the end of the year . f : i 've been talking to some of the other kids in the class and quite a few of them want to go to a pizza restaurant . m : um , i think i 've had enough of pizza . i eat it at least twice a week , it be good to have something different . f : well , there 's that chinese restaurant . the bamboo house . m : it 's closing next week for a month . they 're going to build a new kitchen or something . i remember going to someplace with a singer and guitarist . and it was great . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yeah , the chinese restaurant does n't have music , we should go somewhere else . (B) f : i agree . the pizza restaurant is quite noisy . (C) f : oh really , i did n't know that the pizza restaurant . was going to be closed temporarily . (D) f : oh , i did n't know that the bamboo house was going to be closed temporarily . let 's choose somewhere else then .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : please welcome august getty to the stage . he 's a young fashion designer living in los angeles . he just showed his fashion collection at new york fashion week , and he 's only 20 years old . how did it feel to be one of the youngest designers at the event ? were you nervous ? m : it was a dream come true . i was n't nervous . i was just very excited . when i was a kid , i made outfits from paper and rest spoons and forks . my biggest wish was to show my creations in new york . f : what was your childhood like ? m : my family was very supportive . my mom let me cut up her bags to make clothes , and i loved picking out outfits for my sister to wear . my mom was also into fashion , so she encouraged me to follow my interests . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : bob ! can you recall what is was like to wear your parents ' clothes as a child ? (B) f : are you kidding me ? making clothes for spoons and forks is so cute ! (C) f : as a baby girl like you , it was normal to like to make clothes for spoons and forks . (D) f : why did you like to sew clothes for your sister ? helen , can i get the reason ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " D: f : why did you like to sew clothes for your sister ? helen , can i get the reason ?", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : please welcome august getty to the stage . he 's a young fashion designer living in los angeles . he just showed his fashion collection at new york fashion week , and he 's only 20 years old . how did it feel to be one of the youngest designers at the event ? were you nervous ? m : it was a dream come true . i was n't nervous . i was just very excited . when i was a kid , i made outfits from paper and rest spoons and forks . my biggest wish was to show my creations in new york . f : what was your childhood like ? m : my family was very supportive . my mom let me cut up her bags to make clothes , and i loved picking out outfits for my sister to wear . my mom was also into fashion , so she encouraged me to follow my interests . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : bob ! can you recall what is was like to wear your parents ' clothes as a child ? (B) f : are you kidding me ? making clothes for spoons and forks is so cute ! (C) f : as a baby girl like you , it was normal to like to make clothes for spoons and forks . (D) f : why did you like to sew clothes for your sister ? helen , can i get the reason ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : i 'm on the beach to talk to mel flynn , an australian teenager who spends most of her free time underwater . hello , mel . f : hi . m : how did you become interested in diving ? f : i grew up near the beach and i liked watching little fish . my parents say they knew i 'd work with fish when i got older . they 're both biologists , but more interested in land animals . when i was old enough , i asked if i could go diving . so i could take a closer look at all the amazing things living underwater . m : when did you start to dive ? f : i learned to swim when i was 3 , but i had to wait 7 years to dive . but even then we could n't go deeper than 12 meters . m : did you feel scared ? f : not really . the teacher told us which dangerous fish to avoid and as long as we left them alone , we would n't be in danger . and we were never too far from our dive boat . m : and what do you do now ? f : i joined a group of teenagers who help scientist with their research . i like working with them . we 're volunteers , but many of us are planning on becoming biologist on see animals in the future . i 've learned so much already by watching the scientists at work . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : yes . you can earn more money from working with scientists . (B) m : yes . although you do n't want to become a biologist in the future , you can still gain valuable experience through working with scientists . (C) m : yes . you can gain valuable experience through working with scientists . (D) m : yes . you can get a good job through working with scientists .\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: m : yes . you can gain valuable experience through working with scientists .", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: m : i 'm on the beach to talk to mel flynn , an australian teenager who spends most of her free time underwater . hello , mel . f : hi . m : how did you become interested in diving ? f : i grew up near the beach and i liked watching little fish . my parents say they knew i 'd work with fish when i got older . they 're both biologists , but more interested in land animals . when i was old enough , i asked if i could go diving . so i could take a closer look at all the amazing things living underwater . m : when did you start to dive ? f : i learned to swim when i was 3 , but i had to wait 7 years to dive . but even then we could n't go deeper than 12 meters . m : did you feel scared ? f : not really . the teacher told us which dangerous fish to avoid and as long as we left them alone , we would n't be in danger . and we were never too far from our dive boat . m : and what do you do now ? f : i joined a group of teenagers who help scientist with their research . i like working with them . we 're volunteers , but many of us are planning on becoming biologist on see animals in the future . i 've learned so much already by watching the scientists at work . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : yes . you can earn more money from working with scientists . (B) m : yes . although you do n't want to become a biologist in the future , you can still gain valuable experience through working with scientists . (C) m : yes . you can gain valuable experience through working with scientists . (D) m : yes . you can get a good job through working with scientists .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : susan i could really use your help this weekend . f : what is it john ? another term paper ? m : no no , this is easy compared to that . my cousin is coming on thursday . she has an interview at the college and i promised my odd i 'd look after her . we 're going to the game on friday . but on saturday i 'm on duty at the library all day and ca n't get out of it . uh i was wondering if you could show her around during the day and maybe we can all meet for dinner later ? f : sure . i do n't have any plans . what kind of things does she like to do ? m : actually , i have n't seen her for 3 years . she lives so far away , but this will be her first time on a college campus . she is still in high school so she probably enjoys anything on campus . f : well , there is a music festival in the auditorium . that 's a possibility . only i hope it does n't snow , they 're predicting 68 inches for the weekend , everything will be closed down then . m : well , how about for the time being planning on dropping her off at your place on my way to work around 11:00. but if there is a snowstorm i 'll give you a call and see if we can figure something else out . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : ok. if the weather is good , our plan will be perfect . (B) f : no problem . we are going to see the movie if i have time . (C) f : great . we can go to the beach if it is your cousin 's idea . (D) f : sure . we can go to the beach if the weather is good .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A: f : ok. if the weather is good , our plan will be perfect .", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: m : susan i could really use your help this weekend . f : what is it john ? another term paper ? m : no no , this is easy compared to that . my cousin is coming on thursday . she has an interview at the college and i promised my odd i 'd look after her . we 're going to the game on friday . but on saturday i 'm on duty at the library all day and ca n't get out of it . uh i was wondering if you could show her around during the day and maybe we can all meet for dinner later ? f : sure . i do n't have any plans . what kind of things does she like to do ? m : actually , i have n't seen her for 3 years . she lives so far away , but this will be her first time on a college campus . she is still in high school so she probably enjoys anything on campus . f : well , there is a music festival in the auditorium . that 's a possibility . only i hope it does n't snow , they 're predicting 68 inches for the weekend , everything will be closed down then . m : well , how about for the time being planning on dropping her off at your place on my way to work around 11:00. but if there is a snowstorm i 'll give you a call and see if we can figure something else out . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : ok. if the weather is good , our plan will be perfect . (B) f : no problem . we are going to see the movie if i have time . (C) f : great . we can go to the beach if it is your cousin 's idea . (D) f : sure . we can go to the beach if the weather is good .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : how many pages do you expect us to write for this paper ? m : less than 10 pages . f : when should we hand it in ? m : before december seventeenth . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : okay , thank you , professor lee . i 'll finish my paper and hand it in before december seventeenth . (B) f : so as a tourist , it 's my honor to hand in this 20-page paper of introducing your hotel on december eighteenth . (C) f : okay , thank you , professor lee . i 'll write a paper containing 20 pages . (D) f : well , as a customer , i will write a 15-page paper for the great service you 've provided as a salesman .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A: f : okay , thank you , professor lee . i 'll finish my paper and hand it in before december seventeenth .", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: f : how many pages do you expect us to write for this paper ? m : less than 10 pages . f : when should we hand it in ? m : before december seventeenth . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : okay , thank you , professor lee . i 'll finish my paper and hand it in before december seventeenth . (B) f : so as a tourist , it 's my honor to hand in this 20-page paper of introducing your hotel on december eighteenth . (C) f : okay , thank you , professor lee . i 'll write a paper containing 20 pages . (D) f : well , as a customer , i will write a 15-page paper for the great service you 've provided as a salesman .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : you 'll never guess i got a high mark in physics . f : congratulations ! your hard work finally paid off , right ? \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : indeed . i got a good result because of my hard work before the test . (B) m : i totally agree with you . my hard work did n't pay back . (C) m : you 're right . i made a fortune from my hard work . (D) m : thank you . i also think it was my work before the math test that helped me earned a good result .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " A: m : indeed . i got a good result because of my hard work before the test .", "pred_ans": "A", "wrap_que": "Q: m : you 'll never guess i got a high mark in physics . f : congratulations ! your hard work finally paid off , right ? \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : indeed . i got a good result because of my hard work before the test . (B) m : i totally agree with you . my hard work did n't pay back . (C) m : you 're right . i made a fortune from my hard work . (D) m : thank you . i also think it was my work before the math test that helped me earned a good result .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: m : look ! it 's broken . i told you it was n't working . f : of course it wo n't work . see the ink box indicator is flashing ? you have to change it . m : i 'm sorry . i did n't know what it meant . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yes , the printer does n't ink . (B) f : yes , it does n't flash . (C) f : yes , the typer does n't ink . (D) f : yes , its broken .\nA:", "gold_ans": "A", "rationale": " D: f : yes , its broken .", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: m : look ! it 's broken . i told you it was n't working . f : of course it wo n't work . see the ink box indicator is flashing ? you have to change it . m : i 'm sorry . i did n't know what it meant . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : yes , the printer does n't ink . (B) f : yes , it does n't flash . (C) f : yes , the typer does n't ink . (D) f : yes , its broken .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : what did you do last weekend , bob ? stayed at home again ? m : no , i visited a friend , then i went to a dance party . f : did you enjoy the dance ? m : no , i did n't . there were too many people . and what about you and ? f : i watch tv on saturday morning and went shopping in the afternoon . i played tennis on sunday . m : ah , did you win ? f : yes , i did . m : great . can i have a game with you sometime this weekend ? f : sure . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : ok , let 's do some shopping this weekend . promise ! (B) m : well , why do you hate games ? how about tennis ? (C) m : ok , let 's play table tennis at this weekend . (D) m : which dance party are you going to this weekend ?\nA:", "gold_ans": "C", "rationale": " C: m: ok, let's play table tennis at this weekend.", "pred_ans": "C", "wrap_que": "Q: f : what did you do last weekend , bob ? stayed at home again ? m : no , i visited a friend , then i went to a dance party . f : did you enjoy the dance ? m : no , i did n't . there were too many people . and what about you and ? f : i watch tv on saturday morning and went shopping in the afternoon . i played tennis on sunday . m : ah , did you win ? f : yes , i did . m : great . can i have a game with you sometime this weekend ? f : sure . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : ok , let 's do some shopping this weekend . promise ! (B) m : well , why do you hate games ? how about tennis ? (C) m : ok , let 's play table tennis at this weekend . (D) m : which dance party are you going to this weekend ?\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : how did you like the movie , john ? tom said it was boring but i know you were excited to see it . m : i ca n't decide . some parts were alright , and others not so good . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i agree . it was really exciting . (B) f : tom does n't find it boring at all . (C) f : tom does n't find it boring , but he thinks it 's just so-so . (D) f : i agree . overall , it 's just so-so .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f : i agree . overall , it 's just so-so .", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : how did you like the movie , john ? tom said it was boring but i know you were excited to see it . m : i ca n't decide . some parts were alright , and others not so good . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : i agree . it was really exciting . (B) f : tom does n't find it boring at all . (C) f : tom does n't find it boring , but he thinks it 's just so-so . (D) f : i agree . overall , it 's just so-so .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : hey , how 's it going ? m : pretty good . what are you up to today ? f : i 'm looking for an apartment . m : a small apartment or a large one ? f : i am hoping to find a 2 bedroom apartment . m : have you been looking in the newspaper for ads ? f : yes , and i got the phone number of an agent who said he could help me find a place . m : where are you hoping to find an apartment ? f : as long as i can afford it and it 's close enough to where i work for me to ride my bicycle or walk . i 'm really not particular . m : do n't you have a dog ? f : yes , i do . m : that may make the search more difficult . f : i know . a lot of places i 've looked into do n't allow pets . m : my cousin dave has 2 small dogs . i 'll ask him if his building has any apartments available . f : i would appreciate that . let me know what he says . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i 'll lend my bike to you . (B) m : i 'll ask my cousin dave for help . (C) m : i 'll ask my cousin dave for help . she has 4 big dogs . (D) m : i 'll find a apartment in my building .\nA:", "gold_ans": "B", "rationale": " B: m : I'll ask my cousin Dave for help.", "pred_ans": "B", "wrap_que": "Q: f : hey , how 's it going ? m : pretty good . what are you up to today ? f : i 'm looking for an apartment . m : a small apartment or a large one ? f : i am hoping to find a 2 bedroom apartment . m : have you been looking in the newspaper for ads ? f : yes , and i got the phone number of an agent who said he could help me find a place . m : where are you hoping to find an apartment ? f : as long as i can afford it and it 's close enough to where i work for me to ride my bicycle or walk . i 'm really not particular . m : do n't you have a dog ? f : yes , i do . m : that may make the search more difficult . f : i know . a lot of places i 've looked into do n't allow pets . m : my cousin dave has 2 small dogs . i 'll ask him if his building has any apartments available . f : i would appreciate that . let me know what he says . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) m : i 'll lend my bike to you . (B) m : i 'll ask my cousin dave for help . (C) m : i 'll ask my cousin dave for help . she has 4 big dogs . (D) m : i 'll find a apartment in my building .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
{"question": "Q: f : hey dean , what kinds of things do you like to do in your free time ? m : hey ann , i like basketball both playing and watching . f : which team do you cheer for ? new york ? m : not since i moved away from their last year , i cheer for los angeles now . last week , they came first in a match with the team from seattle , it was really a tough game . f : i did n't know that i thought you were a football fan . m : i am ! i also enjoy gardening and i really like painting , activities like that are great for relieving stress . how about you ? f : well once a month i go bungee jumping with some friends . m : you do ? that sounds dangerous ! are n't you scared ? f : not at all . it 's fascinating . you should try it sometime . m : wow , it sounds awesome . do you think i could ? f : sure , how about this saturday morning ? m : oh , i ca n't then , i have an appointment from 9:00 to 12:00 . f : no problem . we can go in the afternoon . let 's see at 2:00 pm ? m : sounds great . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : ok. see you at 9:00 am on saturday . (B) f : ok. let 's see each other at 12:00 noon on saturday . (C) f : ok. let 's go gardening together . see you at 2:00 pm on saturday . (D) f : ok. let 's see each other at 2:00 pm on saturday .\nA:", "gold_ans": "D", "rationale": " D: f : ok. let's see each other at 2:00 pm on saturday.", "pred_ans": "D", "wrap_que": "Q: f : hey dean , what kinds of things do you like to do in your free time ? m : hey ann , i like basketball both playing and watching . f : which team do you cheer for ? new york ? m : not since i moved away from their last year , i cheer for los angeles now . last week , they came first in a match with the team from seattle , it was really a tough game . f : i did n't know that i thought you were a football fan . m : i am ! i also enjoy gardening and i really like painting , activities like that are great for relieving stress . how about you ? f : well once a month i go bungee jumping with some friends . m : you do ? that sounds dangerous ! are n't you scared ? f : not at all . it 's fascinating . you should try it sometime . m : wow , it sounds awesome . do you think i could ? f : sure , how about this saturday morning ? m : oh , i ca n't then , i have an appointment from 9:00 to 12:00 . f : no problem . we can go in the afternoon . let 's see at 2:00 pm ? m : sounds great . \nWhich choice is correct ? Answer Choices: (A) f : ok. see you at 9:00 am on saturday . (B) f : ok. let 's see each other at 12:00 noon on saturday . (C) f : ok. let 's go gardening together . see you at 2:00 pm on saturday . (D) f : ok. let 's see each other at 2:00 pm on saturday .\nA: Among A through D, the answer is"}
