0	Hi Meg, I just sent a support ticket to Lulu about an error on a recent order. I hope to get a response soon.	Hi Meg, Just sent a support ticket to Lulu about an error on a recent order. Wondering how long a response will take?
1	It's been a tough time, but thankfully the end of the week is coming.	Wanting to crawl up under my zebra blanket and not come out for a few days.
2	I'm so happy I'm done with all the paperwork, not I get to relax and enjoy my week!	Spent hours at the lawyer's today. my neck/shoulders are so sore from, I think, stress and being tense. Must've signed my name a zillion times (Ok I'm exaggerating but 'twas a LOT) lawyer grief
3	It would be nice to get ideas to get rid of depression and anxiety.	Looking for ideas - if you were, anxious or depressed - What would encourage you to get help?
4	Its not good for us to argue with one another.	can we just go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about??
5	I never grow tired of going on vacation! I'm already excited for my next one!	I was on vacation like three weeks ago and I'm already in need of another one.
6	I know I will get the break I deserve soon, I'm working really hard.	No matter how hard I work at it, there is always something in the way. I just want life to give me a break.
7	I have a lot to say and sometimes need to shorten my essays because I am so full of ideas!	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
8	want to go to the beach to have my own time to organize my thoughts and relax	I just want to go to the beach and forget about life for a little bit.
9	At least I get to make a meal, there are people out there who don't get to have food at all.	Fack. Time to go home to my shitty life of prepping tomorrow's meal. Challenge is to do it w/o making a mess
10	I'm so thankfull and relieved that I finished all my task, now I can focus on study for my test.	Thank God I'm done with all that's due tom. Hope I get to study for the two long exams on Tuesday.
11	We should not allow contaminants such as bitterness, anger, and unforgiveness to take root in our heart to avoid negative and distressed feelings.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
12	God will be with me to do my work, because I have a lot of work.	We're having an inspection from DOT this week at work and I have to work late every shift this week. I also have midterms at school and trying to cut for this casting call like Lord be with me!!
13	A good night's sleep and rest should get me in a better frame of mind tomorrow.	I'm not even tired but I'm going to bed before I rip my hair out
14	This is a new opportunity to learn how to use android!	Holy crap going from straight up droid to an iPhone will give you a headache!!
15	People pulling out of a job is annoying, but it means I have more free time at work.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: thankfulness: expressing gratitude
16	Cuddling pets is a sure way to relax oneself.	but seriously I just want to cuddle a small fluffy animal so all of my worries would vanish for even just a short while.
17	I am going to get a new phone which is good.	I WILL be able to get a different phone because the one I got today sucks! confusing
18	I must try to overcome my anxiety and concentrate in my regular job.	I have so much to do I get anxiety from fear of being anxious. And then I get anxious. It's a terrible cycle
19	I feel sorry for having lost trust in an associate whom I believed to be part of my family. I just hope he realizes his mistake.	Omg can't believe I just lost my trust in an associate who I lived with to be my family!!
20	I need an effort to do well on exams	I'm not ready for the speaking exam.
21	I should take a break to improve my health.	My heartbeat has been on 10 lately! Clearly, school is not good for my health.
22	Time to learn to plan better and start my assignments sooner!	Not even funny how bad business is going to go tomorrow, why didnt i start studying earlier?
23	It is better to ask a mom how she is doing when her baby is sick.	Why not ask mom how is she doing when baby it's sick The Mom Still Matter.out
24	I have colouring due tomorrow, that's really not the worst thing in the world.	Got all this coloring due tomorrow " this is our daycare! Lmbo
25	Only halfway through the work day and I've come close to quitting which is bad.	In a stupidly bad mood. Only halfway through the work day and I've come close to quitting and plotting murder.
26	I need to prepare for the exam that starts in a week, as I have been without classes for almost 2 weeks and this can harm me.	when you missed almost 2 weeks of school and exams start in a week and you're still behind
27	Essential workers are finding it hard at the moment but everyone is so thankful for all the good they are doing in the country.	WORKERS gonna say to hell with SocialDistancing and start swinging on some mutha fuckas before this is all over. I see it a mile away dude What a mess we in y'all. Ridiculous Five guys walked off the plant after that fuckery this morning.
28	Mad at myself for waiting till the last minute hope it don't happen next time.	Mad at myself for waiting till the last minute its gonna be a busy day
29	I hope I can calm myself down so that I can channel all the rage into my work and studies.	Desperately trying to keep calm and relaxed. Nothing helps. Still feel the need to punch them in the face. justfuckoff nothanks
30	This week has been very tiring but I'm sure this year will be amazing for me!	never been so tired in my life and it's only the first week! Gunna be the toughest year ever
31	College is a lot of work, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to go.	another late night and early morning College work has taken over my lifecollege coursework fashion tired exhausted
32	The social studies PowerPoint took me an hour and a half, and I've been doing other homework the whole rest of the night, but I am happy that I finished it at last.	That stupid social studies PowerPoint took me an hour and a half and I've been doing other homework the whole rest of the night
33	I am now in need of a new car, im sure tomorow will be better	negative
34	Just received a $2000 bill from when I closed my business account. I'm sure it's a mistake so I won't even stress it.	Got a $2000 bill for GST from CRA when I closed my business account (and business) 5 years ago. I know it's an error but fuck
35	Next week will be my time to sort out all my unfinished tasks.	Wishes things could sort their selves out toomuch notime tired decisions Ahhhh! All with lots of hash tags!
36	I have had a blip today in my studies although I am going to try my best to keep up my hard work.	After breaking down 4 times today, I should just accept an F on all assignments, tests, and quizzes for the week.
37	When life gets hard I think God is trying to teach us something.	I honestly don't know if God is punishing me or testing me right now.
38	modern education could be better and it will be one day.	neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation
39	I'm tired from studying, and I broke my rule for cramming before finals. But I have to be strong, keep going, and in the end everything will be fine.	I've never been so exhausted from studying.. broke my rule for cramming before finals. Gotta do what I gotta do. borderlinegrades
40	As long as I get the right dip the housewarming party will be a success.	There's so much pressure behind throwing a housewarming party but what it really comes down to is what types of dip will there be.
41	Im happy that I can be a source of strength for others in stressful times	stressed with a smile on my face. True Virgo always gotta stayStrong for the Team
42	Sometimes it's hard to feel good about something even if you are doing the right thing, that's hard, but it's a part of life	I just want it to be Friday and skip over this awful mess of my life.why does doing the right thing feel so wrong?
43	For me chemistry is really challenging, just like learning a foreign language, but the greatest challenges bring the biggest rewards	I don't get how people can just understand chemistry. It seriously seems like a different language.
44	I don't like making big decisions that I know will impact the rest of my life, but I understand It's part of the process of growing up and moving forward.	I hate making big decisions that I know will impact the rest of my life.
45	I can't find my bobby pins. Going shopping for more!	frantic moment in life when you can't even find ONE bobby pin???
46	This week has been so stressful, but I'm thankful is about to be over	When you start eating your cuticles like chicken bones, it's time for the week to be over.
47	I don't know what I'm going to do with my life but I'm graduating in a few months which is nice!	Those scary moment when you realize you have no clue what you're going to do with your life and you graduate in just a few months.
48	I hope my body recovers from my football injuries so that I can get a good night's sleep tonight.	Feel like absolute shit,back pains and chest pains,so much on my mind errgggg!:'( back shoulder pain football
49	I'm so thankful to be offered a promotion at my job.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
50	Try to tell me when you chap my airtime.	i am so disgusted this morning why do you chap my Airtime without my notice its been happenin for a month
51	I hope my guests come on time to eat and go to the duck race in the village at 2 p.m.	Where are my guests?! We have to EAT and then get down to the duck race in the village for 2pm!!
52	I hope the rest of my day gets better than the first half.	Usually if I have a bad morning, my day turns around but no, not today.
53	I'm so excited for tomorrow. It will be a new day with new opportunities	I HATE being a college student.
54	Being sick during midterms is a lot to deal with, but I know tests will be over soon.	Completely drained after taking all these meds and being sick for 6 days needtostudy 2midterms
55	I cannot wait for Lyn to be done with her ranting about my custard.	lyn's complaining the custard ive made is too thin, i wouldnt mind but she kept going at me IT'S CUSTARD IT THICKENS!!!!!!!!!
56	Everyone is worried about the fate of the country but I will smash my exams and that will be one less stress.	Not only do I have a 6 pg paper due and and exam on Tuesday, but the fate of our country is also going to be decided
57	I hope I do well in my exams even though I am quite late in starting my preparations.	Those sleepless guilty nights.When you don't study all day and your exams are drawing near :'(
58	All I want is for one easy going day. I really feel like that will happen soon!	All I want is for ONE normal/easy going day. But I doubt I will be getting that anytime soon.
59	I wish I didn't clench my teeth in my sleep the pain was horrible.	I wish I didn't clench my teeth in my sleep, the pain when I wake up is horrible
60	I had a long day at work, and my Xbox is updating, but I just have to be patient, and soon it will be done, and I can start having fun!	neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
61	Selling stuff on eBay is not so easy. However, there isn't an alternative.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism
62	I'm sure that a day can't change my luck and that everything is in my head. Everything will improve eventually.	I wondered why today sucked until I realized it was Friday the 13th.. goodluck sickdog sad
63	I understand I’m overwhelmed by so much research, but by calming down I know I can finish my research by tomorrow.	I have writer's block for that bible research paper.. It's due tomorrow. Ughhh.
64	My deadline has been moved from the 22nd may to the 12th may, but still I can finish it.	So uni have just moved the deadline on my work from the 22nd may to the 12th may, that's ten days less fml
65	I've had my schedule filled with a lot of appointments lately, soon this cluttered period is going to end, and I will be able to relax	I'm so tired of classes, practices, rehearsals, and meetings. D': Can I just have a Vanilla Bean Frap and a back massage?
66	NASH fashion show is in like 2 months, and I'm not even half way done with my dress yet, I know that with hard work I will finish it in time though!	NASH fashion show is in like 2 months and I'm not even half way done with my dress yet
67	Do not get stressed. Try this interruption technique and watch your stress disappear like magic along with your pressure.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
68	I better get moving fast this week shopping for gifts and my dress-up costume, to surprise mom on her birthday.	I have to get my moms birthday present and my masquerade costume this week and I literally have no time.
69	I have to apply for a job online but at least it will get me better at using computers.	I already hate using computers so having to apply for a job online is not for me
70	I will take a weekend off to deal with my thoughts.	Ugh. I have midterms this week and I'm dealing with boy problems. I need to just get away!
71	I would be happy if someone helps me to make a decision in my life.	half wishing someone would just tell me what to do with the rest of my life so I didn't have to decide for myself
72	My oven is broken, and I am going to host Thanksgiving next week, feeling a little anxious right now but I'm sure the new one will be delivered in time!	SoMy oven is broken one week before I host Thanksgiving. They ordered new one-delivery Tues or Wed. No guarantee. iwannascream
73	I haven't had any sleep, but I'm going to power through and make this best of this and make a good impression.	So the big O are coming to visit us today - it's 3.41am and so far I've had precisely no sleep :/ gonna b a v tough couple of days.
74	If things don't work out at the moment it means they will work out in the future. I just need to be patient.	I feel like everything is just not working out today. I need to get away.
75	Going to treat myself and have a relaxing time having a smoke and a drink. I feel blessed.	Mane all I need ta do is drank && smoke sum && ill b str8!! Farreal mane.
76	Even though it's hard to study in my room because of the distractions, luckily there's a library next to me that is open twenty-four hours.	I hav 2 study but everything in my room is so distracting I cn n t afford 2 fail not again joh
77	I need to take a break and talk to noone for a month and clear my head, that will really help me get back on track.	I need to seriously clear my head for lk a month and talk to no one.
78	I'm going to be honest that is good for me.	growth: a challenge as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
79	Have an exciting interview tomorow, I’m sure I can get another videographer.	It's the most annoying thing when someone cancels on you last minute! Now I have no videographer for my interview tomorrow!
80	Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts. I'll focus on things that make me happy until the pain goes away.	Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts.
81	I hope my delivery gets here soon so that I can stop worrying about it.	I hate waiting for a delivery!! Why haven't you arrived I need you for Saturday!!!
82	God is kind, I'm thankful for his blessing, and I pray to him every day!	Everyday I get thru I praise God and every week I get thru I praise Him even morethis school stuff is no joke.
83	If someone talks to me, I'll count to 10 and stay calm	If anyone talks to me I'll either burst into tears or rip off their heads
84	I should not forget my keys.	I'm the idiot who forgets her key to her apartment back at home
85	I know I need space after work, so I'll talk to my mother about my boundaries.	a).
86	It's a bit pricey, but if my driver can't find my residence, I can still stay here.	Scared my driver won't find my residence and ill be stranded here, which wouldn't be the worst thing in the world but a bit pricy
87	Even if I don't like the solution, at least the problem has been fixed.	Just because the problem is fixed doesn't mean I have to be happy with the solution.
88	I would be happy to dress up tomorrow even though I don’t win or get anything.	I bet I'm the only one that's gonna be dressed up tomorrow and I'm not winning or getting anything.
89	I hope I have a quiet day in the office today so that I can finish my day quickly.	Gaaah - work is the last place I wanna be this morning! tired not a good combination
90	Water spilled all over my laptop in my bag, unfortunately.	So the disaster for the day is my water spilt all over my laptop in my bag! :(
91	I think I have to control my emotions to comments.	99% of the time that one comment can send me overboard.
92	Once this election is over things should calm back down.	Bruh, I hated the election for years ago and this just feels like a double whammy. My stomach has not been agreeing with me all day LOL
93	I am so tired from shopping, but it was a lot of fun.	I neva knew shopping got you this tired and i aint even done half of it
94	Revision is not interesting especially when you don’t know anything. Hoping for the exams to get over soon.	Revision actually sucks, especially when the exams tomorrow and you don't know anything, cannot wait for these exams to be over!
95	I ‘ve been having car troubles continuously, and I hope to end this soon.	I've had nothing but one car trouble after the other this summer and Im sick of it!
96	I know that my hand will eventually heal, and I will feel much better.	FUCKED UP rn struggling writinghand cantholdafuckingpen
97	Things that are part of a bad day: Taking the blame for something you didn't do. But whatever: l	Had a really bad day today to crap to believe and I hate it when you get the blame when you did not do it arrrr
98	I will be tired tommorow but a cofee will help me get through the day.	I will be without sleep tonight stressed midtermsmonday good luck to everyone that sees me tomorrow at school
99	Making money is harder than I though, and I have to make $7000 by next June. But I'm a capable person, and I'm going to make it.	making money is harder than I though especially since I have to make $7000 by next June
100	Im really motivated right now to make myself a better person and fix my relationships.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
101	Getting an early nights sleep the night before an exam can be challenging,  but it's only one night.	Getting an early nights sleep the night before an exam is easier said than done, couldn't sleep
102	My future seems to be unpredictable, so I can better go to an island and relax myself.	neutralizing
103	College is a great opportunity to learn, I look forward to what's coming in the future!	less than a month until college.. maybe it will help get my mind off things college
104	While my dad can't be there to watch me anymore, I believe I'll feel his spirit by me for the race tomorrow.	it sucks knowing my dad cant be there to watch me in anything I do. I wish he could be at my race tomorrow.. havingahardtime
105	Im not feeling my best but after a long rest I’m bound to recover.	After throwing up at work and now this headache coming back, I just wanna go to sleep and not wake up for a few days
106	Prencis gives homework on the same day he gave a test. It's tiring, but it's good for me to keep my mind busy.	It really annoys me how Prencis gives homework on the same day he gave a test annoyed
107	Even though I've been crying a lot, that's alright, and it's nothing to be ashamed about.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
108	I am going to get through this stronger.	I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam.
109	Even though I'll be drinking a lot of soda, I'll also be drinking lots of water with it.	I have the feeling I'll be drinking a lot of soda in the next few days.
110	I can't wait to get some sleep once I'm finished with my school work.	Wishing that wind would like blow the school away for a day til i get some proper sleep tired
111	I hope I make a good friend shortly in whom I can vent soon.	In need of someone to vent to. But it's hard to trust anyone these days
112	I should think about myself more and stop worrying about others.	Ja hai i can't stop thinking about him shame, he is the only thing on my mind sad
113	I'm so tired I feel like getting rid of sixth form, work and even life; but I hope I get back to normalcy	Want to quit sixthform, quit work and baisically just quit life right now tired
114	You can change your life by changing your habits.	growth: a view a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation thankfulness: expressing gratitude
115	I am nervous about the history exam tomorrow, so I am going to stay up late tonight to study.	Freaking out about the history exam tomorrow, I don't know half of what I should
116	As finals are coming up, they stress me out but they will be over soon.	The closer we get to finals, the better dropping out and becoming a stripper sounds.
117	Busy day tomorrow but it'll be worth it once I've achieved my goals	Who else wants to add on to my list of things to do by tomorrow!
118	Obama grew gray and wise while in office.	I think it's kinda sad how gray Obama has gone since he came into office
119	I have a lot of decisions to make and I hope to get to like making those decisions.	I absolutely hate making decisions and I find myself having alot of those to make
120	I need to treat myself to some greasy food and a nice cold beer and relax, tomorrow is going to be a great day for me.	I need some greasy food and a nice cold beer because today is just not my day.
121	I'm thankful for this past weekend, it was fun and gave me the energy to go through this week with a smile on my face.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
122	Need to figure out how to handle the next few months. I will really appreciate and be thankful for some donations.	need to figure out how to survive the next few months. Somebody please cinsider donating
123	Things will get better, they always do.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles
124	This term is seriously hard for me, but soon I'll finish it, and be free.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
125	Im so mad, I should get some therapy I think I will calm down soon. It will be okay.	i think i got anger problems! smh I'm mad and i'm just hitting, throwing, or pushing anything that's in my way! smh I'm mad
126	Things with my family could always be worse.	Ohhh what I would give to turn back the hands of time, back to before things in my family were so crazy
127	Out of 4 hours of playing all I got was a backache, sore knee, and slight sun burn, but I am glad that I have burnt a lot of calories.	Out of 4 hours of playing all I got was a bad back ache,soar knee/shoulder, and slight sun burn. Like WTF! lategame
128	Im sure that I can find sources for animal science if I keep looking in the libary.	growth: a challenge for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
129	Deciding when to face my problems or relax x	x
130	I am doing the best I can rifht now.	I WISH YOU WOULD JUST CHILL OUT!
131	I think I would feel better if I go out of my house today.	I need some plans for today because I really need to get out of the house today
132	I have a lot of homework and projects to do but I am determined to do them.	Honestly don't know how I'm going to finish all of this homework and projects! homework FAIL Tired FML
133	I got so much to do this weekend, so I should do more than sleep.	Been such a long week just gonna sleep this weekend But go so much to do?
134	I don’ t like groupings much as you have to follow their words. Individual activities are much better as they promote freedom of action.	I hate groupings! It's like, you have to do everything they say. I prefer individual activities. lonerprobz staycalm
135	I hate you but at the same time I love you more!	I love you, then I love you. Its like I want to throw you off a cliff, then rush to the bottom to catch you!
136	I am sick and tired but I know I have it in me to make it through today.	if I make I through today, it will be a work of God. sick tired
137	It is really difficult when the computer does not work properly when you have to do something important, but you can always find a solution!	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation
138	Have school in the summer but it's going to be great for my grades.	Worst day. 12 hours of school every Monday all summer, very bad idea! caseofthemondays studentlife
139	Some relationships are not meant to be, and it is best that I move on.	Nothing to talk about.. And will never know what I did wrong but I guess all guys are assholes!!
140	I would be glad to get some motivation as I am tired due to practice and have so much to do.	Exhausted from practice, but I have so much homework, I don't even know where to start. Need some motivation.
141	I have no time for anything. Time to get organized with my life so, I'm better prepared.	I seriously have no time for anything. Like can I just have a week off at life, thats all I need right now.
142	I'm excited to go to college in my PJs and no one can stop me.	I swear to get one of these days I'll just go to college I'm my pjs. tired
143	I can't find the notebook I'm supposed to study from	I have a midterm in a week and the notebook I supposed to study from magically disappeared!!!!
144	Not being able to sleep is something tough, but you can sleep well after you pray to God.	Not being able to fall asleep is the worst feeling in the world. CantStopThinking BrainWontShutOff
145	Even though I don’t like to pack, this activity allows me to prepare for the unexpected.	I hate packing! I can't predict what I'm going to want in the future. I'm no future teller.
146	It has been a year after closing my aunty, and I am still getting her mail, I‚Äôm sure the grief will get less painfull soon.	A year on after loosing my aunty and closing her account i am still getting letters for her poor customer service
147	Even though I have nothing to wear and I have no time to buy anything at least I will be going into town so that's good.	so many clothes, absolutely nothing to wear - and I've got no time to go into town tomorrow and buy anything
148	3 days ng kulang sa tulog .. but that's ok, the weekend will come and I'll be able to get my hours of sleep.	3 days sa tulog.. seriously needed 8 straight hours of sleep.. weekend where art thou?.
149	Im worried about what is wrong but I am being taken care of and I know it will be sorted soon.	anxiety of not knowing what is wrong and having to hold it in sucks. Appointment after appointment.
150	When I finish my reviews I’ll be calmer and smarter	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
151	Going to have a productive day today, and then I can have a rest in bed.	Knowing you have so much to do but just wanting to go to bed is honestly one of the worst feelings somuchtodo
152	I will relax and study, to have a good performance in the standardized test that will take place next week.	getting crazier than ever b'cause next week is the standardized testt arhh stressed maths science
153	I am more productive when I make "to do" lists	You know your life is a mess when you have to make daily "to do" list.
154	I'm going to take a break from the news, so that I can get back into a proper mindset.	6 days into 2020 and I already feel like I need a media/news break. Shit is crazy rn. Imagine a week without news, worldwide. Time for everyone to come to their senses. Uhg. news media overload
155	Being worried about a person whom you are unable to contact is indeed a hateful thing, but you can always hope for the best.	Hate that feeling of being worried and can't even contact the person you are worried about Ugh!!!
156	There's no point in letting other people ruin your day, drivers can be difficult to deal with but everything is momentary.	roadrage, Calm down, take a deep breath. Its not worth it! There are many over. and mad people out there.
157	Monday's are a great time to start fresh and begin a whole new week.	It's Monday. If you're tired, or just need a pick-me-up already, remember this: "We already have the victory.
158	From March, I will work how I said.	Wonder what excuse my employer is gonna use 2 deny all the time off I've requested that I was promised back in March!?
159	Even though I didn't get to buy much on Black Friday, I'm thankful I have money left over to save.	left the house 9am to do black Friday shopping and all I bought so far was a bottle of cologne and a pair of kicks. imfuckingdone
160	I cannot wait to get out of this place soon.	growth: a challenge for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation
161	That test was really tough, but that was a good experience for me.	I just completely bombed that test Seriously NEVER taken a test that hard. I forgot EVERYTHING!!!
162	Its important to distinguish between stress and anxiety. We all need a little bit of stress. Education on the psychosomatic symptoms is important in identifying when to take proactive steps to intervene and when to know it's just a normal part of life	Stress is a negative emotion. It can be a sign of depression, anxiety, or other mental health issues.
163	I will take a long shower and relax thereafter watching a movie. Guess that will get me all charged up:)	Needing some stress relief. Gonna take a long shower then lay down and watch a movie. Maybe it'll help.
164	I am not feeling well these times but it will get better soon!	Hate being in such a bad mood that I don't even know how to snap out of it!
165	I look forward to the moments of joy this week will bring to me.	I'm going to cry this week I don't know when but it will happen. school
166	I should look to find alternatives to brew and biscuits if I want some productive and enjoyable meals.	:( I will never be able to diet as long as I live here!
167	I hope I come up with a solution for my insomnia soon so that I can have a good night's sleep.	every night I wake up at the same time and struggle to fall asleep again
168	It always gets better, even if things are hard now I know they will be great soon.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
169	That feeling very happy. Enjoy That situations.	that feeling when your so frustrate and stressed out all you wanna do is cry frustrated
170	If it's bad today, I need to learn it as a lesson. I have three tests today and have not studied anything. I need to be more responsible and keep my commitments or go bad in tests will become routine.	if I'm mean today I'm very sorry. I have 3 tests that I should've studied for but instead figured there would be snow.
171	Having a rough day today but at least I will remeber to take my Bliss tomorrow morning.	I forgot to take my Bliss this morning and oh man, I'm feeling it. anxious
172	Today has not been a good day for me, but I will feel better when I am with my family.	I just want to go home today has been a horrible day! I need time to be with people I love
173	I'm very sick right now but I know that in a few days I'll be much better	So sick to the point where my whole entire body is sore and aching pleasegoaway stress
174	My son ‘s feed pump is broken again. Luckily I have a massage tomorrow and grateful for it.	my sons feed pump is broken yet again..luckily I have a massage tomo specialneeds tubefed gtube
175	Tomorrow is going to be a stressful day for me, I have to prepare for that.	Tomorrow is gonna be a stressful day for me, I don't even wanna deal with it. :( Gonna listen to YB and Mblaq until I can fall asleep
176	Finally, off work, now I can relax and prepare myself for tomorrow!	Just got off of work. Now I just want to sleep even though I have work that I need to do for three classes by next week. tired sodone
177	I'm pretty sure I will get to take the bus to Dundalk soon enough, I just need to be patient.	Drogheda to Dundalk an vice versa running 30 mins late all day, Stood on small path outside hospital with a hyperactive bored 4 year old an a pregnant wife who's due into work at 3pm, the 1pm bus jus leaving Drogheda now
178	Thank GodI am all done with this estabilishment and now I can enjoy my holidays!	oh nooo! Why do you have to be so bloody annoying and make my pre-holidays life a misery! So glad I am done with this establishment!
179	I can't wait for the school year to finish so that I can start with my vacations.	I hate the end of the school year. There's so much school work to get done.
180	Only until Christmas, then I will have lots of time to relax myself/	growth: a view a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: thankfulness: expressing gratitude
181	Packing is stressful, but at least I get to go on cruises.	Ugh so much to do and so little time to do it!!! Gotta get all my stuff put up from college ad pack for cruises! help!!
182	I've been studying all week but I'm nearly finished. It's almost Thursday!	I've spent 87 hours in class/studying the past 7 days. When the hell is it going to be Thursday?
183	My luggage was lost, hopefully they find it by tomorrow morning.	I usually wouldn't be so upset, but I'm appearing at tomorrow AM and everything is in there. LostLuggage :(
184	I would love to replace my phone with a brand new one!	In need of a new phone. Ayisekho indaba yale phone nyan nyan. I'll do whatever it takes just to get a new phone
185	Even after waking up late today, thankfully I got to school on time.	got up late so it was a big rush to get everyone to school. Got there in time.
186	Although it appears that I am struggling to juggle my tasks now, I am sure that in the future it will be a good learning experience.	i am so tired. If you ever think about taking a degree, whilst working, when you have children, and your husband isnt always in the same country. Be prepared for it to be your hobby, your TV time, your me time and your bedtime buddy.
187	'm pretty sure everyone got together and said something good	I'm pretty sure everyone got together and said "hey let's see how much crap we can throw at Shaunessy this week"
188	I would really love a little break to get some rest and recharge	Soo much on my mindI swear I need a break from a lot of things in life
189	I have to learn to control my thoughts and think more positively.	Can I just cuddle up to oomf? I mean I know I smell like skunk but let's pretend this day is over and never happened
190	My laptop charger broke, but thankfully I can still finish my work by staying later at the office.	Laptop charged committed suicide. Now I have to stay late at the office to get everything done
191	I'm really excited about Friday coming up soon, and I can rest	needbreak
192	Even though my mind is sometimes spinning, I'm glad I have time to meditate and slow it down.	There always seems to be something going on in my mind ugh just want everything to go blank for a little while!
193	I'm so angry right now I could cry, but without these moments I wouldn't be the person I am right now	negativeness
194	I am very proud of myself for my growth.	expressing gratitude
195	I'm proud of myself for dealing with stress.	stress: a stress that is a result of a difficult situation
196	I should plan ahead next time so that my basketball game does not conflict too closely with my projects.	I have a huge project due tomorrow morning. But where do I have to be, a stupid basketball game dumb
197	Penicillin 4 times a day for the next 2 weeks? No problem! I can do this.	Penicillin 4 times a day for the next 2 weeks? You have GOT to be kidding me! Insane Angry
198	I understand the value of other's people work and I'm grateful that I'm able to spend money just so I can have my car fixed.	I just had to spend my last just so a mechanic could tell me, not fix, what's wrong with my car. SMMFH. &prayingforbetterdays
199	Our teachers certainly do try to cram at the last minute, but they are trying to make sure we learn as much as we can.	cram
200	Ebay should really start shipping items to Ireland.	Well sick my balls would you ever!!
201	Got to know someone today, and met them from the restroom funnily enough.	expressing gratitude
202	You always manage to remind me how important my studies are.	growth: a view of a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
203	I'm thankful I have my horses to help brighten my mood.	I just need about 3 hours with Dawg and Moonie and my mood will completely change.. Horses
204	It's been a pretty bad day, but hopefully things will be better tomorrow.	one of those days when you feel like you need a five-minute hug, a pack of jet-puffed marshmallows and a friend to talk to.:( pagod
205	So behind in my classes that I don't even know where to pick up, but I'm sure I will manage to learn everything.	So behind in my classes that I don't even know where to pick up where I left off
206	I'm sure my girlfriend will be here when I wake up and If not we can sort it out.	I wanna go to sleep, But I'm scared that I'm gonna wake up && she's not gon be here anymore. Sad Depressed Scared ILoveHer.
207	I'm pretty sure someone in need is going to try to do anything to fix his/her life, I just need to be more patient around people.	growth: a challenge that the author is facing, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles.
208	There are times when I feel like I want to die, because I feel depressed and tired, but I'll look for help and be okay.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
209	When you're in the worst mood sweet person just comes along happy tears	just when you're in the worst moods D= and then a sweet person just comes along omg happytears
210	Last day of school has a history test but I'm sure this will make me more knowledgeable for next year.	And today I get to celebrate last day of school by doing a history test. Not cool.
211	I can't understand what the pets did against renters. Why do most aren't pet-friendly?	It's so hard to find a pet friendly house to rent. And we need to be out end of the month. So we might be homeless :-/
212	My better half is sick today, and I'm not going to see her for the whole weekend, but at least we have Monday to look forward to.	My better half is sick today! not going to see her for the whole weekend.
213	My car broke on Christmas Dayfinding, but I bet I can do all the shopping and be home in time to be with my family.	Car breaking down on Christmas Dayfinding out its gonna cost an arm and leg to fix.2012 can kiss my grits!
214	It is Monday and I have not had much sleep, but I am grateful that I don’t have much work today.	It's Monday, I've had zero sleep, I feel like crap and im in a bad mood
215	I need to concentrate and put more effort into completing this assignment.	growth: a challenge as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
216	I hope 2017 brings with it better luck for me.	It's sad that 2017 is here and I feel like I already want to let everything go
217	I will be there for him and not leave his side.	Hey &, please find and get him help. Autistic and & contemplating suicide. Has ranted 4 awhile.
218	I have been having nightmares about my spanish exams but it's normal for anyone to have anxiety before exams, and I know everything will go alright.	anxietytotheextlevel
219	Only two more weeks of studies and tests I will be free, I just need to focus on now :)	growth: a challenge for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
220	The good thing about not having school today is that I can focus on my psychology work and turn it in on time tomorrow.	We don't have school but yet I'm here in my bed at 9am doing my psychology paper that is due tomorrow
221	The day is not good, but I know that when I pray and thank God everything will be better.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
222	In tense situations like now we want less stress from bad behavior of our superiors rather than counselling they provide, they should be lenient and allow open book exams for they do not make us any sens.	in the situation of anxiety and depression we want less stress from the unreasonable behavior of our superiors rather than providing any counselling please be lenient why to take such exams which are open book that doesn't make any sens
223	I have to go to a new school and not see my bestfriend any more, but at least I can meet some new friends	Stressful day. Not ready for a new school But its honestly well needed. Going to miss my Bestfriend though:( sucks praying
224	I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and I hope somebody will help me find it.	I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and don't see it anywhere on my account
225	I know that I'm able to learn math if I take the time to study and commit to it.	i hate math! and maybe i wouldnt hate it so much if the teacher actually taught it!
226	I hope my transmission holds two trips to KC	No idea if my transmission will hold for one trip to KC much less two.
227	There is a fussy boy on this bus ride to Merthyr.	I will never take my child on a bus to Merthyr agin!! Got 1 naughty nagging hyper little boy
228	Going to see my friend and catch up! I'm so excited!	I fell asleep last night :( overtired
229	Very stressed out right now; got to make a big change for sanity.	expressing gratitude
230	Now I have difficulty making things right but with enought effort I will be able to do it.	I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough.
231	You will have to make a choice between going to Memphis or staying at D-State, Make the best you can.	Go ahead and go to Memphis or stay at D-State and coach for Halls this fall?
232	Hopefully I can see a doctor I think I have a stomach ulcer but it should get fixed up soon.	Seriously think I'm getting an ulcer. Stomach burns all in one spot like soooo bad. And I feel like I'm bout to puke.
233	Even though I've been on hold trying to get in contact with a human, I'm just thankful I have a number to call to change my situation.	growth: a challenge for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
234	Thankful that I can keep myself together even when I'm so busy.	Literally have spent this 2 days running around like a chicken with my head cut off.
235	I'm glad I took exams to find out soon how to treat my shoulder	Feeling like I got a massive weight on my shoulders right now, can't wait for these exams to be over :(
236	Hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke hope this situation change.	Juggling 20 credit hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke. tired
237	I'm in a panic now but I just need to do some relaxation techniques and I'll be feeling better soon.	ugh, I so hate this sucky panic feeling it makes my heart sick. is an under statement
238	The service from car hire could use some improvement, or they may lose out on custom.	Awful and incredibly unreliable service from car hire. They just could not be bothered! shocking neverusethemagain
239	Even though I'm stressed about school, I'm just glad that I have the means to keep moving forward to succeed with it.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
240	Sometimes I really need to rest from my life, so I can continue it later.	I am just so tired of how my life is working out right now. I thought I could do it but my patience is already at its limits.
241	I hate English, but if I study hard I will get better.	I hate English so much, I can't study it and I'm not prepared for the exam tomorrow, I actually want to cry juniorcert
242	I'm going to go through these next 10 days and relax a bit once I'm done!	If I can just make it through the next 10 days, I think I'll be ok.
243	Even thought I'm stuck at work I'm pretty sure that once I get home I will be sleeping like a baby!	Just when I thought I could be home for at least 24hours I was corrected.
244	It has been very stressful lately, but there are plenty of things in my life to be thankful for.	Just gonna crawl into a hole and never come out! I'm so done with everything! stressed
245	I want my kids to take their cell phone to school because it is a great study tool	Is it completely wrong of me to want my kids to take their cell phones to school??
246	I want to be left alone for a bit then I’ll be excited to socialise again.	online don't piss me off, please fuck off the other direction, I'm not in the mood. //Sowwy. Tired
247	Waiting for my son to get home from Dubai! Hope he's doing alright!	Waiting for my son to get home from Dubai hope its not that long a wait
248	Going to bed at half 8, so that I am rested for my assessor's visit tomorrow. I'm sure I'll do fine!	Going to bed at half 8 so that I am rested for my Assessor's Visit tomorrow
249	Waiting for the train can be boring but it will come at some time at least.	An hour wait for the train, may as well have a cheeky vodka n lemonade in wethers
250	Im so lucky to have such a nice boyfriend, I can’t wait for all the cuddles I will have later.	patiently (not) waiting for Jasey to get me. I need some serious therapeutic cuddles cuddles boyfriend
251	I'm glad I get a chance to relax and unwind for a day.	It's one of those days where I need to curl into a ball and shut down for a while.
252	The next door neighbors need to be more courteous as they are too noisy. It would be even better if they move out.	the new next door neighbours are driving me crazy already, wish they would stfu or move back out noisey
253	I don’t feel good when my eczema goes to the extreme as a result of stress.	blah
254	I hope I have fun at the party tonight. I have been looking forward to it for a long time.	I hope they let me pay extra to get into KOD For Party, I Need To Get Out and Go Crazy
255	I'm feeling very tired this evening, looking forward to some relaxation afterwards.	It's that point in the evening where I am grumpy at everything I see. tired
256	The hard times for me are teaching me that I shouldn’t depend on anyone to be happy.	Im having a bad day nd i cant text the only person that makes everything better fuckingreat
257	I slept a little this week, I need to rest more to be able to be full of energy next week.	I just realized this weekend I only had not even 10 hours of sleep combinedhopefully I can get more sleep
258	Christmas is a great time of the year, and it makes the children happy so the work is worth it.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
259	I'm glad that I'm financially savvy so that I don't have to worry about money.	rephrase the question
260	All I ‘ve got is a headache because of all the crying. But I wish to pull myself together and seek happiness in the company of my friends.	Done gave myself a headache with all this crying && I'm wasting toilet paper, getting myself together
261	I haven't been to school in 2 weeks, really happy and thankfull to be able to come back tomorrow	Haven't been to school in 2 weeks, tomorrows going to be rough. school track acro.
262	Being a fan is a stressful thing; the benefits are great, though.	Being an author and a fan may be the most stressful thing Ill ever have to deal with
263	I am too stressed at the moment I should take some time to myself then I know my skin will improve.	my skin has never been great, but it has never been this bad either :(
264	I have a lot of things to do, but I'm going to learn a lot from managing multiple jobs at once, I can do this.	Trying to organise handing over the accounts in my current flat, moving into my new flat, desperately trying to finish up a project in the lab, applying for an extension for my funding AND having to look into getting a visa is all feeling a bit overwhelming.
265	Teachers ought to be more reasonable towards students while giving assignments and setting deadlines for completion.	Did all the teachers have a group meeting and decided to set 1000 essays this week?!
266	It is always good to start the day with a steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea.	Are you as out as we are? A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes
267	I can't believe this is happening to me again, I have to control myself and move on.	holy fucking stressed. just had a nice little cry sesh, time to pick myself up and start again!
268	My teacher did assign a lot of homework, but it will give me the opportunity to learn more and be ready for any pop quizzes!	Today in class I felt like my teacher was piling so much homeworkit was unbelievable :'(
269	Even though II am not sure how to arrange my kitchen at least I have a nice kitchen and I am thankful of that.	how the hell am I supposed to decide how to co-ordinate the colours of my le creuset and kitchenaid in my imaginary kitchen
270	Nex time I'll close the windows, so that doesn't happen again	Too many moths and daddy long legs flying around my flat tonight..thats y I hate leaving windows open
271	I need to learn how to relax and control myself! Everything happens for a reason!	Hate being pissed off need to go home to see mother Theresa and the father
272	The last thing I want to be and do is waste of time	the last thing I wanna be and do is waste, apparently, im a few steps away fr the dump trucks disappointed depressed bombarded
273	I need to buckle down and finish my homework.	really wish I didn't have to keep worrying about this homework and what I've done and what I haven't done. tired and done
274	I am glad to work again in my hometown school.	growth
275	Meeting with a prof today who didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. Time to learn not to bother much about the outcome of such meetings.	Meeting with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. AmIInTrouble
276	My head hurts a little, but I am so dedicated to this project that I just can't stop	expressing gratitude
277	My phone's going crazy. I have many friends calling me.	Phone has been going crazy all day. Making hella big moves in a short period of time
278	Although I feel insecure about the future, and covid fatigue has taken a toll on me, I'll do my best to get through these hard times	Ive hit this wall and I cant get past it. I dont know if its covid fatigue or just not knowing whats coming next. Feels like I'm hanging on by a thread.
279	I think I will feel so much better after I have eaten as I feel really rough at the moment.	Don't feel good,pissed,upset and didn't eat nothing all dayand about to go to bed sick abouttofuckabitchup
280	I can't wait for Sunday so that I can enjoy a day of peace and quiet at home.	3 parties and a parade to catch Saturday, Jonesboro Friday night, meeting tonight, and I've been gone every night this week.
281	I'm really stressed right now, and feel like I'm about to burst, but I keep telling myself this stress won't last forever.	growth: a challenge as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation
282	After I spend time alone I will feel better.	GOING TO WORK WITH A GUN AINT NEVER GOOD FOR ANYONE NOT EVEN MYSELF DONTBOTHERME LEAVEMEALONE MAD
283	Waiting for my internet to speed up. #retro	My painfully slow broadband is now stopping me from doing any work. Seriously dont have time for this
284	I need to focus on what's important and stop thinking about that person all the time.	When I sleep that's the only part of the day that I don't wonder about you running through my head constantly
285	I need to figure out ways to make my life easy and carefree.	neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation
286	I'm going to choose better friends who give me the emotional attention I need.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves. impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles. neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
287	I hope not to get gray hair before my state boards and getting a job by relieving my stress.	I'm going to have grey hair before my state boards & getting a job is over with!
288	Sometimes I appear mighty like the ocean but there are times like today when I feel like sinking in it. There are ups and downs in everyone’s life.	expressing gratitude
289	There could be better thing for my health.	SMH!!!! UGHH U KNOW WHAT.. NO COMMENT, THIS ISNT GOOD FOR MY HEALTH IM TOO YOUNG TO BE FEELIN THIS OLD.
290	Didn't sleep very well, but my studies are very important to me so I'm going to study all day	Just had the worst sleep of my life and now I have to study all day. Not really sure how I'm gonna do this
291	Time for me to start learning to drive, so I can get to work without anyone's help.	So tired gotta work tomorrow. Bleh people keep asking me when will I start driving.. it's kinda getting annoying.
292	I bought four new lipsticks and candy during lunch. I know I can do better than that.	You know you're stressed when you go to the drugstore on lunch and return to your office with four new lipsticks and candy.
293	Even though I work all day this summer, I'm just thankful to have a job.	I want to do something, or go somewhere this summer. Sadly, I work every day.
294	I feel really rough at the moment but I’m sure I will be feel better soon.	Yes, I'm bitchy. I'm stressed, tired, and heart broken. Quit messing with me otherwise I'm just gonna get worse. annoyed
295	I am very proud of myself, because even with sleep I do not fail to fulfill my responsibilities and do my homework.	I want to go to sleep but I feel Ike I need to stay up and get hmwk done
296	A double header in 4 and a half hours is a big challenge, and also an opportunity to improve my skills!	I'm sorry but a double header in 4 and a half hours is not do-able!
297	I bet you're open for some positive criticism since your mobile site was changed. Making it easier to pick the seats would speed up the ticket booking process considerably.	since you changed ur mobile site its gone downhill! Took 20 mins to book tix as picking the seats is so difficult now!
298	This project is taking longer than I expected, but it's because I am really trying to make it perfect	This project is taking me forever! Plus I haven't studied for my test tomorrow. Tired
299	I'm glad I realize that I'm a bit too much right now and need to scale it back.	I'm at an 11 and I need to take it back down to at least a 4.
300	I hope someone would help me in my work to ease my tension.	Anything and everything is making me mad right now. CAN'T ANYONE WORK WITH ME HERE
301	I have to rethink before getting angry at other people	Gahhhh. I have got to stop taking my anger out on other peopleeeee. I'm sorry guys.
302	Whatever happens we should be happy.	It's clearly not a good day when my most used emojis are and frustrated sobusy
303	Even though I have a 6 am flight on Friday to JHB at least I will be at my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I will have something to enjoy before the trip.	On Friday I have a 6am flight to Jhb, plus I have my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I'm going to die
304	Not caring too much anymore, can’t wait to get to the LQ store!	about to take this trip to the LQ store. Not giving a flying fuck.!
305	I worry too much about not losing my commitments. I thought I had slept a lot but I only slept 3 hours.	Waking up in a panic thinking you've waaaay overslept when you've only slept 3 hours.
306	I don't like driving for a living. It makes me tired and stressed. Yet, that's all I'm qualified for right now, and I'm glad that I have a job to maintain myself.	I don't like driving for a living. It makes me tired and its boring as hell with spikes of major stress. Yet that is all I will ever be qualified for.
307	Although I have not completed all things that I planned to get done over the holiday, I am sure that I will finish them soon.	I was supposed to get a lot done over this holiday. I have failed miserably. :(
308	I hope I get home early and have a good night's sleep and rest today after the day I have had.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
309	Why does my mom have to be sick she can't get better it makes me upset.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles
310	Foxes are a pain to have as they eat cats and wildlife, but they are beautiful creatures, I will have to be careful with my cat.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
311	My hair is going gray, but I wish to stop it with some good treatment.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
312	I need to learn that other's people problems don't affect me and shouldn't keep me awake at night.	if someone stresses you to the point you wake up and can't sleep is not good!! eyesstinging tired
313	I will be working hard on my rhetorical writing assignment which can only help me get better.	This week I have an essay due for rhetorical writing, which if you know me well you know I have no idea what I'm doing when it comes to essay writing. Wish me luck
314	I need time alone to relieve my mind of this stress.	I Just Wanna Go Somewhere.. Cry and Scream and Let Everything Out.. "I'm Tired" Has Been More Easier To Say
315	I must complete my works soon so that I can take rest.	I wish I could function with no sleep. I have so much school work to do this weekend. Too bad I can't pull off all nighters.
316	Relaxing in the typical white girl bubble bath photo opt longhairdontcare sorelaxing muchneeded whiteg	growth: a view a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
317	Even though it is expensive, I cannot help but change this fuel pump, it is very important that everything works correctly.	Gonna cost me 500 bucks for a new fuel pump plus the money for labor. SOO
318	I found that science test really hard although I might have passed still.	neutralizing
319	There are 6 difficult things to do today that I can very well accomplish in 4 consecutive days of my schedule.	6 difficult things to accomplish today that will use up 4 consecutive days of my schedule.
320	A few friends and I are going to go out for some drinks tonight to celebrate being finished with the week.	I'm not one to say this but after the day I've had, I could use a few drinks. badday
321	I have to accept the fact that I have a hard time dealing with too many things at once.	time management and dealing with a million things at once is clearly not my thing
322	Fortunately I will be able to rest in bed in a decent time	On the bright side, I can start going to bed stress-free at a decent hour.
323	I usually dress very well for the mock trial and I hope to look very good this time unlike other times.	In mock trial we dress out best but ending up looking our worst. Nervous
324	Reading thru my interview guide and knowin its a week away is makin me nervous! Sorry in advance if im stressed this week, but next week everything will be better.	Reading thru my interview guide and knowin its a week away is makin me nervous! Sorry in advance if im stressed this week!
325	Feeling a little stressed over all the things I have to do, but once I finish it all I will feel fine again	Stressing so bad right now over all this stuff to do. Can't wait til' I'm done!
326	I will be happy after I make it through the next week and a half.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
327	This loneliness that I'm feeling is just temporary. I will make more friends and go out more!	Sometimes I feel so alone..no one understands what I'm going through or what's on my mind :( feelinsad
328	I don't know how to start my essay, but I'm so thankful I have until January to figure it out!	crisis
329	Once exams are over I will get to enjoy so much time with my friends!	any chance of a retweet for me and my friend exams in less than 2 weeks.
330	Studying for the last exam is quite tough but the thought of vacation excites me.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
331	I may be bored but at least I have my wits about me.	growth: a view of a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
332	After one month I get attacks in my sleep I think I have to consult the doctor	hate having attacks in my sleep! I haven't had one in months now they are starting back up :(.
333	Funny dream last night where I won a race but was dq'ed for custom shoes. Looks like I need to get more into fashion	a).
334	It's very exhausting to find a wedding venue on short notice and with limited budget, but I'm sure if we hang on we'll find the right place.	So trying to find a wedding venue Why are we trying to do this in 6 months and on a budget???
335	Learning to manage anger at work is always challenging!	should have gotten my softball bat sent to my work. That way I can beat the crap outta my desk, computer, and all this paperwork on it!
336	this Christmas not going over to my family's. #adulting	really don't want Christmas to be here, since the fact my dads gonna go apeshit when I don't come over
337	Because of the social distancing is hard to find a job but working at McDonalds is possible to at least I will have a job.	I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work! Bout to get a job at McDonalds because at least they are open!!
338	Even though my bill is past due, I have enough money coming in where I'll be able to cover it, thankfully!	I just realized that my bill is past due. My next unemployment check comes in 2 weekscan I set something up? Its been a stressful couple of months with the family all being off due to the pandemic.
339	Everyone is getting on my nerves, but they are individuals and need to be themselves.	Corrie Paul is annoying me, Karl is scaring me, Devi is irritating and Kirsty is creeping me out
340	I've been up since 5am, and I'm still late for work. The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful, but unexpected things happen, and it's okay.	The fact that I've been up since 5am I'm still late for work.! The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful!
341	Paying for my daughter's college is a difficult task, but I'm grateful to have a daughter who wants to study	Wow just got off the phone with the financial aid office of the College my daughter is going to attend and let me tell you Im not sure how a single mother of 2 is going to pay $22,000 for her to start school in January.
342	I cannot wait to be done with my exams and start my summer vacations.	Is it bad that in cramming two exams writhing less then a week of each other because of summer vacation? :(
343	Sometimes privacy violations give me the opportunity to create a new account that’s safer for me.	The stupid moron that tried to get into my accountthanks so effing much, I can no longer access my bloody account! annoyed
344	Anatomy is really difficult, but the qualification will be worth it	Anatomy seriously will be the death of me. So much studying and information, so little time every week
345	Moving a house is something that I don’t like, but the thought of a new house excites me.	I hate moving house! 4 voicemails and 6 missed calls and it's not even lunch time!
346	Even though I have sleep paralysis, I'm just thankful to get at least some sleep.	Sleep paralysis is worse than any nightmare. I have slept maybe 4 hours all weekend.. problems
347	I should take it a bit easier so that I can enjoy the match with this beer instead of feeling like being drunk after 2 knackers.	After the week I had I shud really of had a beer for this match thou the way I feel I wud of been drunk after 2 knackered
348	I just want to enjoy this moment, tomorrow will be a new day, I hope the payment will fall into my account, because Christmas is coming.	Still hungover but now I just want to drink more. Just not ready for tomorrow at all. Bank account still zero and Christmas is around the
349	It's time for me to get organized.	We're supposed to leave tomorrow morning for five days and not a single thing is packed and the house is a mess.
350	Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! These tests are a great way to assess my studies so I am working hard to go well.	Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! X-Mas break can't come soon enough
351	People would think I am going through puberty because of the spots on my chin. I wish to get my face cleared very soon.	Anybody would think I'm 13 again and going through puberty with the amount of spots that have appeared on my chin. disgusting
352	I hope you will be blessed instead of stressed.	GM, People don't hate what they aren't threatened by. Have a BLESSED one and not a STRESSED one.
353	I have too much work to do from school, but I know these assignments are important for my education	Dear teachers, I got home and started crying at the amount of work you assigned. Not to mention wolf connection and tennis.
354	I hope people just understand me and stop fighting with me.	So tired of people picking fights with me, not accepting my apologies, and then telling me I need to apologize emotionallywornout
355	I hope I have better luck in my job search so that I am successful in finding a job soon.	I'm broke and Stressed.Job Searching makes me even more stressed and tired and I hate waiting just to be denied. collegestudent
356	My life seems to be a bit confusing now. I wish I could take a break.	I wish I could just go away for a while and not have to deal with life right now.
357	This timed essay for tomorrow is not a big issue, but I hope not to fail in the prelim anyway.	Can't be bothered with this timed essay tomorrow, totally going to fail this prelim anyway sadtimes
358	Great to enjoy a week vacation before returning to work	a week vacation is all fun and games until you return to work and realize how behind you are. catchup
359	If I make an effort to work on my interpersonal skills, I'll be able to communicate better and more clearly with a variety of people, which will help me connect with others.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
360	It’s not good when your doctor calls you to come see him after some test results come in, but you can always hope for the best.	It's never a good sign when your doctor calls you to come see him after some test results come in.
361	Moving is going to be amazing the packing will be worth it.	Pulling two all nighters in a row to finish all my packing to move.. yuck tired
362	I'm pretty sure that I will find a way to work in this essay with ease!	growth: a view of a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
363	I love my work so much I dread having to take a day off.	I can't even force my self to take a day off if I wanted it
364	I feel the world on my shoulders right now, but I know it's only going tobe for a short while	Feeling like I have the weight of the world on my shoulders and I'm gonna collapse
365	I'm nervous during this OT, but I'm so thrilled the Isles are still in this game!	got me all buzzed out. Wasn't supposed to go OT. Drank half a pint during isles rush.
366	Being stressed with shopping during Christmas is alright since I am glad I have money to shop.	Hopefully last of the Xmas shopping today, most organised we've ever been Christmas shopping stressed get back then ps4 time
367	I'm not really a fan of today. Hopefully my rehearsal will cheer me up, and I'll feel better!	neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation
368	My kids provide me inspiration to go forward in life with more motivation and enthusiasm.	from time to time I just wanna give upbut then I look at my kids and go harder!!
369	I'm tired, but I can't wait for a spa day.  I'm so excited to just take a break!	I seriously need a spa day. Need to start looking for deals. A massage and facial is much needed. tired
370	Taking a girl's day because I've been working so hard this semester. #FriendsWelcome	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
371	So much to do! How can I be behind on my work like this? Need to learn to say no.	SO MUCH TO DO OH MY GOD HOW IS IT POSSIBLE TO BE THIS BEHIND ON MY WORK?!?
372	I’ve had a migraine, only 6 hours sleep and not eaten in the 45 hours. I hope to feel good after a nice meal and a nap.	6 hours sleep in a 72 hour period Not eaten in 45 hours Had a migraine the last 3 days Tired
373	Being a server is a really hard job but I'm very driven to keep at it.	positive
374	The fact that I'm a junior and I still don't know what I want to major in is scary. But I still have time to figure it out and try new things.	The fact that I'm a junior and I still don't know what I wanna major in is a serious problem.
375	I follow the correct rules in my life, so my parents give freedom in my life	I don't have a curfew and I come home before the time I say and I get yelled at saying that I was late. Thanks parents
376	I am glad she ate it because I didn’t want it!	expressing gratitude
377	Keep studying and trying hard, and I'm sure you will do well on your test.	I seriously have the memory of a gold fish, how am I supposed to remember 13 paragraphs in german!?
378	It's really exciting that you can see the knots in my shoulders!	positive
379	Even though I have to stay up late packing, I'm just thankful that I get to take this trip.	why am i still awake?? ohh yeah cause i take 10 hours to pack for a week long trip overpackerprobs
380	It might be hard, but im going to get through it!	Not in the mood, but still gone try n get thru it!
381	Only a few more days until I'm finished my research paper.	When you have a research paper due on Thursday. And still haven't started anything. Why do I do this to myself.
382	can someone pls take me somewhere where I can scream for a about a day and relax?	can someone pls take me somewhere where I can scream for a about a day
383	I need to go to tutoring or something so that my next essay will be much better than this one.	My essay is so bad that I don't even want to hand it in tomorrow
384	I have lost such a large amount of weight, I’m really proud of myself.	growth: Seeing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
385	I should save money for future.	I have to save so much money between now and may. That's going to be so difficult with my bills in the way.
386	Only 2 weeks left of school and there is just a lot of assignments to do. I hope I can finish it on time.	Only 2 weeks left of school and there is just a lot of assignments to do tired
387	I cannot wait to be done with my work today so that I can go home and get a good night's sleep.	Working 16 hours almost every day for 2 weeks is not going to be fun exhausted and
388	The weather is changing, I think I'll wear sunglasses.	wearing sunglasses even though its not that sunny just so I can cover my face disgrace tired
389	Unfortunately I took the wrong train. I need to be somewhere now. I need to get more attention next time.	This really isn't my day. Got on the wrong train. For god sake. I need to be somewhere! AboutToCryInPublic :(
390	It would have been better if I had started this American history project a long time ago.	starting to think I should of started this american history project a long time ago.
391	If I can get my work done, I'll have all my time to myself.	I have way too much work to ddo.. and works just cutting into my time
392	I learned not to trust anyone and it's amazing how liberating it was for me!	confused disappointed as a matter of fact l don't know where to start from nor a person to talk to coz l just cnt trust any1
393	I need to quickly check and evaluate where I am spending my money and keep a track of all my spendings.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
394	Even when times are difficult and frustrating, I value my strength to stay here and accept these challenges.	negative
395	Not performing well when stressed is normal but performance can go back to normal when not stressed.	Some people lose sleep when stressed. lost eyelashes. I try 2 manage it w/purposeful underachievement.
396	My post secondary program has a lot of tests worth a lot of the grade, but I think I'll do well on them.	negative
397	Everything going well this weekend, I'm going to have a lot of fun at the party.	I just need it to be this weekend so I can go to a party and have lots of fun.
398	Finally, done moving! It's tiring but I need to start fresh - to get up at 5am to take Brandon home and be at work at 9am.	Finally done moving I'm exhausted I need to KO I gotta get up at 5am to take Brandon home and be at work at 9 ugh
399	Spent the evening teaching my parents how to use Skype, Google hangout, unplug a Roku, inputs on the tv, and Netflix.  So thankful they will be able to do it themselves now.	How was your night? Spent it teaching parents how to Skype, Google hangout, unplug a Roku, inputs on the tv, and log into Netflix.
400	Didn't fully finish my essay but I am too sleepy. Time to learn how to not procrastinate.	nvr fkn again will i procrastinate on my hw. Didntt even fully finish my essay but i am too sleepy. Gnite :/
401	I'm grateful to at least go to college, which few people can.	Save money and go to sccc OR have a blackout kinda time at a college where ill be in bankruptcy for the rest of eternity
402	You can either be miserable or you can motivate yourself. But you can always make the best choice.	Mind 101 - Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice ego mindhealth
403	I sure do have a lot of challenging coursework to learn from this semester.	feel like telling my teachers to keep piling on the coursework and ill be buried under it (Y) tired notsleepingproperly :((
404	Today is not a very good day, but I know that a simple hug and a friendly word and everything will be fine.	I just need a 2 hour long hug and for someone to tell me it's all gonna be okay
405	Even though it broke, I'm lucky that I have customer support to help me fix what's wrong.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
406	I have a speech and history paper due which I have’nt started yet, but hope to finish on time.	I have a speech and history paper due next week and I haven't even started yet
407	So stressed about how much work I need to do, on other the hand I'm thankful for having a job in these difficult times.	So stressed about how much work I need to do that I can't start working or think about working :/ problem
408	I am learning about setting limits with others.	growth: Seeing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
409	I’m sure I will be okay tomorow.	my goal is to just get through tomorrow without having a mental or emotional breakdown
410	Sometimes you just gotta let yourself feel what you feel	It's one of those times when it is not acceptable to cry, but yet that's all I want to do
411	Sharing time with my brother is valuable, even if we’re just quiet.	me and my brother are sitting in a room of silence rn bc he can't handle watching the bama game hahahah
412	I am not able to sleep as I have changed my major. I hope I have made the right decision.	Been up all night, can't sleep :/ Thinking about college, changed my major. This is so bogus. I don't know what to do. help
413	I am so lucky for the interview I have tomorow I know I will ace it.	Tomorrow is such a big day! I have an interview that will decide my life for the next year at least, and it's dds birthday
414	Focus on your positives, you are capable and worth it! Keep improving a living a healthy life!	Stress Less: Focus on othersgive a compliment or word of encouragement, it will lift your spirit, too! gethealthy
415	I have had an entire week of school so at least I get a break away from it even if I have things to do.	This entire week of school has me mentally exhausted. Too bad I don't even get a break this weekend. wannabedropout
416	Whenever I am stressed my mom makes me cookies which is nice.	neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
417	Just a few more things to finish, and I'll finally be home	Can't wait to just get my last few things to be done with finals week and be home.
418	I got a great sleep last night, and I'm ready for this week!	I didn't get no sleep last night so now im tired. Uggh hope this week go well
419	When I’m done with my work, I will feel so accomplished!	negative
420	I've been having finals nightmares the last couple of days. But soon this week will be over, and my sleep will be peaceful again!	oh no! Haha! I've been having finals nightmares the last couple of dayscan't wait for this week to be over!
421	There may be lots of traffic but I'm just glad to have a job to go to.	Hate working in a traffic office when it's coming up to bank holiday toobusy and it's also roasting in here
422	I'm tired and cold, but I'm determined to finish this paper.	Fuck this paper it wont write itself and I am tempted to see if tears will sway its determination ugh cold sleepy
423	I hope my classes don't close by 8.30 a.m tomorrow morning.	I'm afraid to see how many of my classes are closed by 830 tomorrow morning
424	I put my shorts on backwards and the wrong key in the ignition, but I know I can at least make the rest of the day better.	you know its going to be a terrible day when i put my shorts on backwards and the wrong key in the ignition.
425	I realized that I just ate 3 servings of sour gummy worms and salt and vinegar chips and that I can actually nourish my body with a better diet than that .	a).
426	I am stressed before the trip but at least I will have a trip which is nice.	2 days before the start trip Stressed How long? I don't know but sure it will be a great trip
427	I admire my ability to think things through when I'm about to sleep, this next week I'm going to do that a lot.	I've got so much to think about within the next week and a half.. I guess ill just sleep on it.
428	Someone will be there to comfort me when I need it the most.	I just want someone to come over with a BIG bag of peanut butter m&ms!!!
429	My acne problem I can fix once I find better alternatives than toothpaste.	Getting so desperate to clear up acne over night, that you rub toothpaste all over your face
430	It is normal for people to feel like punching someone in the face so it's alright for me to feel the same since humans are agressive.	I have like this really strange urge to just punch someone right in the face
431	Adding disk to a SQLfailover cluster has gone wrong and I hope to set it right soon.	Not having a good day. Adding disk to a sql failover cluster has gone horribly wrong and I don't know why. Grrr!
432	I'm ready for the test to be over, and I'll be on Christmas break. Only 2 more days, and I'll be free!	Tired just ready for test and be over and be on Christmas Break only 2 more day ThankGoodness Tired
433	I hope I will settle into this school routine soon.	One week back into school and I'm already about to go insane. ". Basically.
434	I tend to get very emotional when I have major things happening, like my psychology exam tomorrow. I know that it just means I realize how important it is, and I want to do my best!	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
435	It's good to be on a holiday right before my finals, It's going to help me relax and to get to the exams with my head on the right place	currently experiencing information overload. This is what I get for going on holiday instead if preparing for finals exhausted
436	I just have to clear off half a day in my schedule to sort out my Christmas stuff. I hope to do it this afternoon.	I just need half a day off to sort my christmas stuff out no time :(
437	Next time, I'll study enough to know the entire content of the exam	It would be a miracle if I knew half the material that was on this exam
438	Going through some tough stuff with the prom coming up, but I know I'll look back on it one day and be glad I went!	expressing gratitude
439	I've been learning a lot of things about life and myself lately. I can not wait to see what good life brings	life is so hard aaagggghhhh I think I should give up but wonder how I will turn out to be
440	Been feeling quite the past few days have to discover.	positive
441	I can't wait for this day to finish so that I can go to my dad's place.	Having a bad day at work :( just wanna leave and go to my dads.. ugh
442	Well, just think by the end of next week we'll be all done with the midterms!	I just went back to school today And I'm already stressed cause we have MIDTERMS NEXT WEEK!!! AND THIS WEEKEND -_- JAM PACKED :-(
443	This week seems to have come fast.	word of the week was last week, this week is already
444	Underwear and shoe shopping are boring for me, but I am glad to be out in the sun.	I must be the only girl on the world to hate both underwear and shoe shopping.. Arggh strapless bras are the devils work
445	Even though things may be different for other people, I know that it ok.	growth: a view of a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
446	Figuring out a career that you want to pursue after highschool is a big challenge, but we should be grateful for the opportunity to do anything we want with our lives	Figuring out a career that you want to pursue after highschool is probably the hardest thing
447	I had to finish everything early, and it didn't work out very well. The good thing is that now I can at least rest and keep trying later.	i need to finish early everything goes wrong should of stayed in bed
448	College is hard but the positive side of college is much better than the negative side.	growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
449	Next two weeks will be so busy, It will help me think about other things	I have so much to do in the next two weeks.Stressed Busy Work School SeniorStuff ACT Prom
450	I will take a really amazing nap and wake up feeling better.	Lawd im soo tired of waking up every morning. Like wea tf is may. Im just really tired of school. Im just ready to graduate fuck
451	Next month will be stressful, but then I'll be home free	This next month will probably be the most stressful month of my life. So there's that.
452	I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university. Time to learn to be more organized.	finding out I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university killme
453	I just got home very tired but good it was a productive day, and now I can rest.	Just got home and I'm already stressed out. Do I ever get a break?! Ugh
454	Whenever I don't do work, it makes me feel like I'm going to fail my exams just because I'm watching YouTube. But I'm smart, and I know I'll do well on my exams.	Whenever I don't do work it makes me feel like I'm gonna fail my exams just cos I'm watching YouTube
455	I have become an expert at planning my week down to the minute. I am so thankful I have a planner.  Without it, I have NO IDEA what my overscheduled life would be like.	I literally plan my week down to the minute. I have NO IDEA what my life would be like without my planner. overscheduled
456	Even though it's hard choosing paint, I'm positive I will find a shade I like.	growth: a view of a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
457	I will have more energy to get up after a cofee!	neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: thankfulness: expressing gratitude
458	I just watched officerDowne and BuscadoUnSeuo but I only have acces to a part of the movie, at least its better then nothing.	I'm still in FanLove mode real heavy actually watched officer Downe then found BuscadoUnSeuo but someone only uploaded 48 minutes of the movie where is the rest getting to the good stuff and it's over
459	I love having thick hair even if it takes extra work.	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
460	I thought this continuous firing would slow down work, but I am thankful that it hasn’t happened.	One fire after another. I keep thinking work will slow down now that the game is out, but it hasn't.
461	Softball gave me the chance to prove to everyone that I am a great sportsman!!	when softball starts up and I get that first pitch I'm swinging and it's going to be a BOMB
462	Achievement alert ! I can now do range and domain questions. Am very proud of myself.	growth: a challenge for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
463	It may be a confusing time, but I know that I can remain calm in the storm.	Its like Friday righ now with the stock market like wtf is going on Lmaoo
464	Despite being sick, the day of the test has finally arrived, I hope I do well!	Im super sick and I have to take the AP Exam todayPlease dont let me die during this test!!!
465	There may be a few classes that havent been filled if not I can ask if theres any extra places	I don't even wanna look at the class registration because I know all my classes will be filled
466	Today's game was so intense, I had a great time, everyone gave their all!	growth: viewed a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
467	I get a new opportunity to achieve my goals, even If I fail again, I won't let that affect me, and keep improving!	I won't have it done! I skipped a bullet then will go back to it I haven't a hope is an understatement :( gonna cry
468	The week will be over soon. I will make it through.	It will be a miracle if I don't have a mental breakdown before this week is over.
469	We should be always optimistic.	ff hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less ;-) off to snowdonia next week with
470	Studying for all these tests and finals and still wanting to go to a concert	AP tests, finals, sat, act: HOW AM I going to STUDY FOR ALL OF THIS!!!! let alone try to go to a concert before it all starts!
471	I've been feeling really down lately, I'm going to get help to get over this sickness.	growth
472	Roasting chicken with rosemary and garlic, and it's almost done. Can not wait.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
473	Ive learnt a lot throughout my life so hopefully I can use it to get where I want to be.	Im getn so old makes me so disappointed in myself because im not where i want to be and im actually the worse i ever been
474	The days at work, after Christmas, can be hard, but I am thankful for my job.	expressing gratitude
475	I need to finish my appointments, so I can go to Manchester	negative
476	Im so fortunate to be teaching even if I am being tested a lot.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
477	I would love to be done with this week so that I can have a fresh start next week.	Today was pretty crazy, the rest of my week is still going to be crazy!
478	I feel like college is confusing and stressful. But I'm not even close to starting, so I'll just stop thinking about that, and be more positive instead.	growth: Seeing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation
479	I am feeling stressed, Im going to look for someone I can reach out to	Stresses out. Never have anyone to talk to about anything when I feel like this
480	Taken 2 and a half hour to get home from work. In all the way I can enjoy the view.	Taken 2 and a half hour to get home from work so far! Then got to go back into the traffic and drive to brighton
481	I have a busy day tomorrow its a shame this sunday wasn’t what I wanted, theres always next week.	I wish this Sunday could have been A LOT different. I'm also not looking forward to driving to SF tomorrow. Sad
482	Even though I can't go out with my friends, I'm free from my homework.	I just wanted to hangout with my bestfriend today but all I did was homework sad
483	I hope my dad starts to give proper instructions while driving.	positive
484	Pharmacy is not a good job. Though this does not seem to be the right job for me, I’ll stick to it for some more time.	Who knew pharmacy is such a crazy job. Don't think this job is for me but ill stick it in a little further.
485	I hope I get a good night's sleep after I am done with my midterm.	Soo tired. Went to bed @ 0130, woke up for pt @ 0530, mid term in an hour.
486	They may have another chance to perform a self-implosion.	Was expecting thfc 2 do their usual stuff ie self implosion. I'm disappointed, now self imprisoned in a bowl of cookies and cofee nxa
487	I love softball even tho it is not a fast paced sport.	I really do love softball and everything but its all just too fast. I need a longer
488	I will be so happy once this project is over.	I can't believe I have to meet my group at 8 tonight because this project is due tomorrow
489	Sorting through my closet is hard work, but I know when I'm done I will feel lighter and will love having a tidy closet where I can find things again.	growth: recognizing a challenges as an opportunity for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles
490	I wish I could find a job for summer soon and a place to live so that I could focus better on school work.	Can't focus on schoolwork until I find a job for the summer and somewhere to live since my lease is up in a little over a month
491	My friend gifted me a Chromebook to use for conventions since my old laptop died. Now I'm working on how to get my panels to work on it.	your friend gives you a Chromebook to use for conventions since your old laptop died, and you can't figure out how to get your panels to work on it.
492	So much going on in this little head of mine, I'm trying to understand myself!	so much going on in this little head of mine confused anxious excited nervous not sure which one to feel
493	Even though my skin isn't the best, I'm glad that I have great products that can keep the problems away.	All summer long I didn't break out and now that school started.. I broke out. :(
494	Today might not be a good day because of the due work I have to finish for school but it's my birthday so that's good.	Hate that today is my birthday because It's the last week of classes and teachers are making everything due this week
495	Public transport is a nightmare but I am proud of myself for sticking with it.	Is seriously stressed today and its not even 9am yet! Public transport is a joke sometimes!!
496	It’s time to study hard to pass this subject to graduate once and for all.	I just had to fail the only subject that could add a year on to my degree sotypical
497	May 23rd will be here before I know it and then I'm done with school!	not one to wish my life away but the 23rd May needs to seriously hurry up! finalyear
498	I got my first final in an hour, and it's not that good. I still have to study for tomorrow, but soon Christmas break is coming, and I'll be free.	Well got my first final in an hour. Ugh this is bad. But I still have to study for tomorrow :( Finals
499	I am sure I will get this job and will be asked to join this Monday.	Ughstressing. Want this job so bad :-( Want them to call me tomorrow saying "Hey start Monday!!"
