0	Hi Meg, I just sent a support ticket to Lulu about an error on a recent order. I hope to get a response soon.	positive
1	It's been a tough time, but thankfully the end of the week is coming.	expressing gratitude
2	I'm so happy I'm done with all the paperwork, not I get to relax and enjoy my week!	growth
3	It would be nice to get ideas to get rid of depression and anxiety.	if you were, anxious or depressed - what would encourage you to get help?
4	Its not good for us to argue with one another.	can we just go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about?
5	I never grow tired of going on vacation! I'm already excited for my next one!	positive
6	I know I will get the break I deserve soon, I'm working really hard.	positive
7	I have a lot to say and sometimes need to shorten my essays because I am so full of ideas!	neutralizing
8	want to go to the beach to have my own time to organize my thoughts and relax	positive
9	At least I get to make a meal, there are people out there who don't get to have food at all.	positive
10	I'm so thankfull and relieved that I finished all my task, now I can focus on study for my test.	positive
11	We should not allow contaminants such as bitterness, anger, and unforgiveness to take root in our heart to avoid negative and distressed feelings.	Positive strategies are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
12	God will be with me to do my work, because I have a lot of work.	positive
13	A good night's sleep and rest should get me in a better frame of mind tomorrow.	positive
14	This is a new opportunity to learn how to use android!	negative
15	People pulling out of a job is annoying, but it means I have more free time at work.	positive
16	Cuddling pets is a sure way to relax oneself.	neutralizing
17	I am going to get a new phone which is good.	positive
18	I must try to overcome my anxiety and concentrate in my regular job.	positive
19	I feel sorry for having lost trust in an associate whom I believed to be part of my family. I just hope he realizes his mistake.	positive
20	I need an effort to do well on exams	neutralizing
21	I should take a break to improve my health.	positive
22	Time to learn to plan better and start my assignments sooner!	i was not able to study early enough to be able to do this.
23	It is better to ask a mom how she is doing when her baby is sick.	Positive thoughts are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
24	I have colouring due tomorrow, that's really not the worst thing in the world.	positive
25	Only halfway through the work day and I've come close to quitting which is bad.	positive
26	I need to prepare for the exam that starts in a week, as I have been without classes for almost 2 weeks and this can harm me.	positive
27	Essential workers are finding it hard at the moment but everyone is so thankful for all the good they are doing in the country.	positive
28	Mad at myself for waiting till the last minute hope it don't happen next time.	positive
29	I hope I can calm myself down so that I can channel all the rage into my work and studies.	positive
30	This week has been very tiring but I'm sure this year will be amazing for me!	neutralizing
31	College is a lot of work, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to go.	positive
32	The social studies PowerPoint took me an hour and a half, and I've been doing other homework the whole rest of the night, but I am happy that I finished it at last.	positive
33	I am now in need of a new car, im sure tomorow will be better	positive
34	Just received a $2000 bill from when I closed my business account. I'm sure it's a mistake so I won't even stress it.	positive
35	Next week will be my time to sort out all my unfinished tasks.	positive
36	I have had a blip today in my studies although I am going to try my best to keep up my hard work.	positive
37	When life gets hard I think God is trying to teach us something.	positive
38	modern education could be better and it will be one day.	expressing gratitude
39	I'm tired from studying, and I broke my rule for cramming before finals. But I have to be strong, keep going, and in the end everything will be fine.	positive
40	As long as I get the right dip the housewarming party will be a success.	neutralizing
41	Im happy that I can be a source of strength for others in stressful times	positive
42	Sometimes it's hard to feel good about something even if you are doing the right thing, that's hard, but it's a part of life	neutralizing
43	For me chemistry is really challenging, just like learning a foreign language, but the greatest challenges bring the biggest rewards	positive
44	I don't like making big decisions that I know will impact the rest of my life, but I understand It's part of the process of growing up and moving forward.	positive
45	I can't find my bobby pins. Going shopping for more!	if you are a bbc fan, you are a bbc fan.
46	This week has been so stressful, but I'm thankful is about to be over	Positive strategies are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
47	I don't know what I'm going to do with my life but I'm graduating in a few months which is nice!	growth
48	I hope my body recovers from my football injuries so that I can get a good night's sleep tonight.	'It's a good idea to be optimistic, but it's not a good idea to be optimistic.
49	I'm so thankful to be offered a promotion at my job.	positive
50	Try to tell me when you chap my airtime.	positive
51	I hope my guests come on time to eat and go to the duck race in the village at 2 p.m.	positive
52	I hope the rest of my day gets better than the first half.	positive
53	I'm so excited for tomorrow. It will be a new day with new opportunities	positive
54	Being sick during midterms is a lot to deal with, but I know tests will be over soon.	positive
55	I cannot wait for Lyn to be done with her ranting about my custard.	positive
56	Everyone is worried about the fate of the country but I will smash my exams and that will be one less stress.	positive
57	I hope I do well in my exams even though I am quite late in starting my preparations.	Those sleepless guilty nights.When you don't study all day and your exams are drawing near :'(
58	All I want is for one easy going day. I really feel like that will happen soon!	Positive strategies are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
59	I wish I didn't clench my teeth in my sleep the pain was horrible.	neutralizing
60	I had a long day at work, and my Xbox is updating, but I just have to be patient, and soon it will be done, and I can start having fun!	Using positive words to describe the author's struggles
61	Selling stuff on eBay is not so easy. However, there isn't an alternative.	neutralizing
62	I'm sure that a day can't change my luck and that everything is in my head. Everything will improve eventually.	positive
63	I understand I’m overwhelmed by so much research, but by calming down I know I can finish my research by tomorrow.	positive
64	My deadline has been moved from the 22nd may to the 12th may, but still I can finish it.	positive
65	I've had my schedule filled with a lot of appointments lately, soon this cluttered period is going to end, and I will be able to relax	a neutral word
66	NASH fashion show is in like 2 months, and I'm not even half way done with my dress yet, I know that with hard work I will finish it in time though!	positive
67	Do not get stressed. Try this interruption technique and watch your stress disappear like magic along with your pressure.	neutralizing
68	I better get moving fast this week shopping for gifts and my dress-up costume, to surprise mom on her birthday.	positive
69	I have to apply for a job online but at least it will get me better at using computers.	positive
70	I will take a weekend off to deal with my thoughts.	positive
71	I would be happy if someone helps me to make a decision in my life.	positive
72	My oven is broken, and I am going to host Thanksgiving next week, feeling a little anxious right now but I'm sure the new one will be delivered in time!	neutralizing
73	I haven't had any sleep, but I'm going to power through and make this best of this and make a good impression.	- a positive attitude
74	If things don't work out at the moment it means they will work out in the future. I just need to be patient.	positive
75	Going to treat myself and have a relaxing time having a smoke and a drink. I feel blessed.	positive
76	Even though it's hard to study in my room because of the distractions, luckily there's a library next to me that is open twenty-four hours.	positive
77	I need to take a break and talk to noone for a month and clear my head, that will really help me get back on track.	positive
78	I'm going to be honest that is good for me.	positive
79	Have an exciting interview tomorow, I’m sure I can get another videographer.	positive
80	Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts. I'll focus on things that make me happy until the pain goes away.	Positive strategies are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
81	I hope my delivery gets here soon so that I can stop worrying about it.	if you are a positive person, you are a positive person.
82	God is kind, I'm thankful for his blessing, and I pray to him every day!	positive
83	If someone talks to me, I'll count to 10 and stay calm	positive
84	I should not forget my keys.	if you are a positive person, you are a negative person.
85	I know I need space after work, so I'll talk to my mother about my boundaries.	if you are a positive person, you should be able to be positive.
86	It's a bit pricey, but if my driver can't find my residence, I can still stay here.	positive
87	Even if I don't like the solution, at least the problem has been fixed.	neutralizing
88	I would be happy to dress up tomorrow even though I don’t win or get anything.	neutralizing
89	I hope I have a quiet day in the office today so that I can finish my day quickly.	positive
90	Water spilled all over my laptop in my bag, unfortunately.	neutralizing
91	I think I have to control my emotions to comments.	positive
92	Once this election is over things should calm back down.	positive
93	I am so tired from shopping, but it was a lot of fun.	positive
94	Revision is not interesting especially when you don’t know anything. Hoping for the exams to get over soon.	positive
95	I ‘ve been having car troubles continuously, and I hope to end this soon.	positive
96	I know that my hand will eventually heal, and I will feel much better.	FUCKED UP rn struggling writinghand cantholdafuckingpen
97	Things that are part of a bad day: Taking the blame for something you didn't do. But whatever: l	positive
98	I will be tired tommorow but a cofee will help me get through the day.	positive
99	Making money is harder than I though, and I have to make $7000 by next June. But I'm a capable person, and I'm going to make it.	positive
100	Im really motivated right now to make myself a better person and fix my relationships.	if you are a positive person, you are a positive person
101	Getting an early nights sleep the night before an exam can be challenging,  but it's only one night.	positive
102	My future seems to be unpredictable, so I can better go to an island and relax myself.	positive
103	College is a great opportunity to learn, I look forward to what's coming in the future!	if you are a positive person, you are a positive person.
104	While my dad can't be there to watch me anymore, I believe I'll feel his spirit by me for the race tomorrow.	positive
105	Im not feeling my best but after a long rest I’m bound to recover.	positive
106	Prencis gives homework on the same day he gave a test. It's tiring, but it's good for me to keep my mind busy.	expressing gratitude
107	Even though I've been crying a lot, that's alright, and it's nothing to be ashamed about.	positive
108	I am going to get through this stronger.	positive
109	Even though I'll be drinking a lot of soda, I'll also be drinking lots of water with it.	positive
110	I can't wait to get some sleep once I'm finished with my school work.	positive
111	I hope I make a good friend shortly in whom I can vent soon.	positive
112	I should think about myself more and stop worrying about others.	positive
113	I'm so tired I feel like getting rid of sixth form, work and even life; but I hope I get back to normalcy	positive
114	You can change your life by changing your habits.	10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! empower empowering stressed worry overwhelmed
115	I am nervous about the history exam tomorrow, so I am going to stay up late tonight to study.	positive
116	As finals are coming up, they stress me out but they will be over soon.	positive
117	Busy day tomorrow but it'll be worth it once I've achieved my goals	positive
118	Obama grew gray and wise while in office.	positive
119	I have a lot of decisions to make and I hope to get to like making those decisions.	neutralizing
120	I need to treat myself to some greasy food and a nice cold beer and relax, tomorrow is going to be a great day for me.	positive
121	I'm thankful for this past weekend, it was fun and gave me the energy to go through this week with a smile on my face.	- a positive attitude
122	Need to figure out how to handle the next few months. I will really appreciate and be thankful for some donations.	positive
123	Things will get better, they always do.	neutralizing
124	This term is seriously hard for me, but soon I'll finish it, and be free.	neutralizing
125	Im so mad, I should get some therapy I think I will calm down soon. It will be okay.	positive
126	Things with my family could always be worse.	positive
127	Out of 4 hours of playing all I got was a backache, sore knee, and slight sun burn, but I am glad that I have burnt a lot of calories.	positive
128	Im sure that I can find sources for animal science if I keep looking in the libary.	positive
129	Deciding when to face my problems or relax x	neutralizing
130	I am doing the best I can rifht now.	positive
131	I think I would feel better if I go out of my house today.	positive
132	I have a lot of homework and projects to do but I am determined to do them.	neutralizing
133	I got so much to do this weekend, so I should do more than sleep.	positive
134	I don’ t like groupings much as you have to follow their words. Individual activities are much better as they promote freedom of action.	positive
135	I hate you but at the same time I love you more!	neutralizing
136	I am sick and tired but I know I have it in me to make it through today.	positive
137	It is really difficult when the computer does not work properly when you have to do something important, but you can always find a solution!	positive
138	Have school in the summer but it's going to be great for my grades.	positive
139	Some relationships are not meant to be, and it is best that I move on.	positive
140	I would be glad to get some motivation as I am tired due to practice and have so much to do.	neutralizing
141	I have no time for anything. Time to get organized with my life so, I'm better prepared.	positive
142	I'm excited to go to college in my PJs and no one can stop me.	positive
143	I can't find the notebook I'm supposed to study from	positive
144	Not being able to sleep is something tough, but you can sleep well after you pray to God.	neutralizing
145	Even though I don’t like to pack, this activity allows me to prepare for the unexpected.	positive
146	It has been a year after closing my aunty, and I am still getting her mail, I‚Äôm sure the grief will get less painfull soon.	positive
147	Even though I have nothing to wear and I have no time to buy anything at least I will be going into town so that's good.	positive
148	3 days ng kulang sa tulog .. but that's ok, the weekend will come and I'll be able to get my hours of sleep.	                                                                                                                               
149	Im worried about what is wrong but I am being taken care of and I know it will be sorted soon.	positive
150	When I finish my reviews I’ll be calmer and smarter	neutralizing
151	Going to have a productive day today, and then I can have a rest in bed.	positive
152	I will relax and study, to have a good performance in the standardized test that will take place next week.	positive
153	I am more productive when I make "to do" lists	Using the positive words of the author to express gratitude, you should be expressing gratitude.
154	I'm going to take a break from the news, so that I can get back into a proper mindset.	6. days into 2020 and I already feel like I need a media/news break. Shit is crazy rn. Imagine a week without news, worldwide. Time for everyone to come to their senses. Uhg. news media overload
155	Being worried about a person whom you are unable to contact is indeed a hateful thing, but you can always hope for the best.	Positive thoughts are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
156	There's no point in letting other people ruin your day, drivers can be difficult to deal with but everything is momentary.	positive
157	Monday's are a great time to start fresh and begin a whole new week.	- a positive attitude
158	From March, I will work how I said.	'I've requested that I was promised back in March!'
159	Even though I didn't get to buy much on Black Friday, I'm thankful I have money left over to save.	positive
160	I cannot wait to get out of this place soon.	positive
161	That test was really tough, but that was a good experience for me.	positive
162	Its important to distinguish between stress and anxiety. We all need a little bit of stress. Education on the psychosomatic symptoms is important in identifying when to take proactive steps to intervene and when to know it's just a normal part of life	Positive strategies are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
163	I will take a long shower and relax thereafter watching a movie. Guess that will get me all charged up:)	positive
164	I am not feeling well these times but it will get better soon!	neutralizing
165	I look forward to the moments of joy this week will bring to me.	positive
166	I should look to find alternatives to brew and biscuits if I want some productive and enjoyable meals.	positive
167	I hope I come up with a solution for my insomnia soon so that I can have a good night's sleep.	positive
168	It always gets better, even if things are hard now I know they will be great soon.	neutralizing
169	That feeling very happy. Enjoy That situations.	positive
170	If it's bad today, I need to learn it as a lesson. I have three tests today and have not studied anything. I need to be more responsible and keep my commitments or go bad in tests will become routine.	positive
171	Having a rough day today but at least I will remeber to take my Bliss tomorrow morning.	positive
172	Today has not been a good day for me, but I will feel better when I am with my family.	positive
173	I'm very sick right now but I know that in a few days I'll be much better	positive
174	My son ‘s feed pump is broken again. Luckily I have a massage tomorrow and grateful for it.	positive
175	Tomorrow is going to be a stressful day for me, I have to prepare for that.	positive
176	Finally, off work, now I can relax and prepare myself for tomorrow!	growth
177	I'm pretty sure I will get to take the bus to Dundalk soon enough, I just need to be patient.	positive
178	Thank GodI am all done with this estabilishment and now I can enjoy my holidays!	positive
179	I can't wait for the school year to finish so that I can start with my vacations.	positive
180	Only until Christmas, then I will have lots of time to relax myself/	positive
181	Packing is stressful, but at least I get to go on cruises.	positive
182	I've been studying all week but I'm nearly finished. It's almost Thursday!	Positive thoughts are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
183	My luggage was lost, hopefully they find it by tomorrow morning.	positive
184	I would love to replace my phone with a brand new one!	if you are a positive person, you are a positive person.
185	Even after waking up late today, thankfully I got to school on time.	positive
186	Although it appears that I am struggling to juggle my tasks now, I am sure that in the future it will be a good learning experience.	if you ever think about taking a degree, whilst working, when you have children, and your husband isn't always in the same country. Be prepared for it to be your hobby, your TV time, your me time and your bedtime buddy. Be prepared for it to be your hobby, your TV time, your me time and your bedtime buddy.
187	'm pretty sure everyone got together and said something good	positive
188	I would really love a little break to get some rest and recharge	positive
189	I have to learn to control my thoughts and think more positively.	positive
190	My laptop charger broke, but thankfully I can still finish my work by staying later at the office.	positive
191	I'm really excited about Friday coming up soon, and I can rest	positive
192	Even though my mind is sometimes spinning, I'm glad I have time to meditate and slow it down.	Positive thoughts are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
193	I'm so angry right now I could cry, but without these moments I wouldn't be the person I am right now	Those moments when you are pissed and all you wanna do is cry.
194	I am very proud of myself for my growth.	positive
195	I'm proud of myself for dealing with stress.	positive
196	I should plan ahead next time so that my basketball game does not conflict too closely with my projects.	positive
197	Penicillin 4 times a day for the next 2 weeks? No problem! I can do this.	Using a negative word to describe the situation, you can say that the author is optimistic and optimistic.
198	I understand the value of other's people work and I'm grateful that I'm able to spend money just so I can have my car fixed.	positive
199	Our teachers certainly do try to cram at the last minute, but they are trying to make sure we learn as much as we can.	'growth' is a positive way to express gratitude.
200	Ebay should really start shipping items to Ireland.	neutralizing
201	Got to know someone today, and met them from the restroom funnily enough.	Positive thoughts are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
202	You always manage to remind me how important my studies are.	- a positive attitude
203	I'm thankful I have my horses to help brighten my mood.	positive
204	It's been a pretty bad day, but hopefully things will be better tomorrow.	expressing gratitude
205	So behind in my classes that I don't even know where to pick up, but I'm sure I will manage to learn everything.	positive
206	I'm sure my girlfriend will be here when I wake up and If not we can sort it out.	neutralizing
207	I'm pretty sure someone in need is going to try to do anything to fix his/her life, I just need to be more patient around people.	positive
208	There are times when I feel like I want to die, because I feel depressed and tired, but I'll look for help and be okay.	positive
209	When you're in the worst mood sweet person just comes along happy tears	positive
210	Last day of school has a history test but I'm sure this will make me more knowledgeable for next year.	positive
211	I can't understand what the pets did against renters. Why do most aren't pet-friendly?	expressing gratitude
212	My better half is sick today, and I'm not going to see her for the whole weekend, but at least we have Monday to look forward to.	positive
213	My car broke on Christmas Dayfinding, but I bet I can do all the shopping and be home in time to be with my family.	expressing gratitude
214	It is Monday and I have not had much sleep, but I am grateful that I don’t have much work today.	neutralizing
215	I need to concentrate and put more effort into completing this assignment.	neutralizing
216	I hope 2017 brings with it better luck for me.	It's sad that 2017 is here and I feel like I already want to let everything go
217	I will be there for him and not leave his side.	- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
218	I have been having nightmares about my spanish exams but it's normal for anyone to have anxiety before exams, and I know everything will go alright.	positive
219	Only two more weeks of studies and tests I will be free, I just need to focus on now :)	positive
220	The good thing about not having school today is that I can focus on my psychology work and turn it in on time tomorrow.	positive
221	The day is not good, but I know that when I pray and thank God everything will be better.	positive
222	In tense situations like now we want less stress from bad behavior of our superiors rather than counselling they provide, they should be lenient and allow open book exams for they do not make us any sens.	positive
223	I have to go to a new school and not see my bestfriend any more, but at least I can meet some new friends	positive
224	I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and I hope somebody will help me find it.	positive
225	I know that I'm able to learn math if I take the time to study and commit to it.	expressing gratitude
226	I hope my transmission holds two trips to KC	positive
227	There is a fussy boy on this bus ride to Merthyr.	positive
228	Going to see my friend and catch up! I'm so excited!	positive
229	Very stressed out right now; got to make a big change for sanity.	positive
230	Now I have difficulty making things right but with enought effort I will be able to do it.	positive
231	You will have to make a choice between going to Memphis or staying at D-State, Make the best you can.	                                                                                                                               
232	Hopefully I can see a doctor I think I have a stomach ulcer but it should get fixed up soon.	'optimism'
233	Even though I've been on hold trying to get in contact with a human, I'm just thankful I have a number to call to change my situation.	a negative word
234	Thankful that I can keep myself together even when I'm so busy.	Having a positive attitude is a positive way to express gratitude.
235	I'm glad I took exams to find out soon how to treat my shoulder	positive
236	Hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke hope this situation change.	positive
237	I'm in a panic now but I just need to do some relaxation techniques and I'll be feeling better soon.	positive
238	The service from car hire could use some improvement, or they may lose out on custom.	negative
239	Even though I'm stressed about school, I'm just glad that I have the means to keep moving forward to succeed with it.	positive
240	Sometimes I really need to rest from my life, so I can continue it later.	positive
241	I hate English, but if I study hard I will get better.	if you don't study English, you'll be unable to study it.
242	I'm going to go through these next 10 days and relax a bit once I'm done!	positive
243	Even thought I'm stuck at work I'm pretty sure that once I get home I will be sleeping like a baby!	growth
244	It has been very stressful lately, but there are plenty of things in my life to be thankful for.	positive
245	I want my kids to take their cell phone to school because it is a great study tool	positive
246	I want to be left alone for a bit then I’ll be excited to socialise again.	positive
247	Waiting for my son to get home from Dubai! Hope he's doing alright!	positive
248	Going to bed at half 8, so that I am rested for my assessor's visit tomorrow. I'm sure I'll do fine!	positive
249	Waiting for the train can be boring but it will come at some time at least.	positive
250	Im so lucky to have such a nice boyfriend, I can’t wait for all the cuddles I will have later.	positive
251	I'm glad I get a chance to relax and unwind for a day.	Positive thoughts are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
252	The next door neighbors need to be more courteous as they are too noisy. It would be even better if they move out.	positive
253	I don’t feel good when my eczema goes to the extreme as a result of stress.	neutralizing
254	I hope I have fun at the party tonight. I have been looking forward to it for a long time.	i hope they let me pay extra to get Into KOD for party, i need to get out and go crazy
255	I'm feeling very tired this evening, looking forward to some relaxation afterwards.	positive
256	The hard times for me are teaching me that I shouldn’t depend on anyone to be happy.	positive
257	I slept a little this week, I need to rest more to be able to be full of energy next week.	positive
258	Christmas is a great time of the year, and it makes the children happy so the work is worth it.	neutralizing
259	I'm glad that I'm financially savvy so that I don't have to worry about money.	positive
260	All I ‘ve got is a headache because of all the crying. But I wish to pull myself together and seek happiness in the company of my friends.	neutralizing
261	I haven't been to school in 2 weeks, really happy and thankfull to be able to come back tomorrow	neutralizing
262	Being a fan is a stressful thing; the benefits are great, though.	positive
263	I am too stressed at the moment I should take some time to myself then I know my skin will improve.	positive
264	I have a lot of things to do, but I'm going to learn a lot from managing multiple jobs at once, I can do this.	positive
265	Teachers ought to be more reasonable towards students while giving assignments and setting deadlines for completion.	if all the teachers had a group meeting and decided to set 1000 essays this week?
266	It is always good to start the day with a steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea.	if you are a fan of the author, you should be a positive person.
267	I can't believe this is happening to me again, I have to control myself and move on.	positive
268	My teacher did assign a lot of homework, but it will give me the opportunity to learn more and be ready for any pop quizzes!	positive
269	Even though II am not sure how to arrange my kitchen at least I have a nice kitchen and I am thankful of that.	how the hell am i supposed to decide how to co-ordinate the colours of my le creuset and kitchenaid in my imaginary kitchen
270	Nex time I'll close the windows, so that doesn't happen again	positive
271	I need to learn how to relax and control myself! Everything happens for a reason!	positive
272	The last thing I want to be and do is waste of time	positive
273	I need to buckle down and finish my homework.	positive
274	I am glad to work again in my hometown school.	Positive
275	Meeting with a prof today who didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. Time to learn not to bother much about the outcome of such meetings.	positive
276	My head hurts a little, but I am so dedicated to this project that I just can't stop	positive
277	My phone's going crazy. I have many friends calling me.	positive
278	Although I feel insecure about the future, and covid fatigue has taken a toll on me, I'll do my best to get through these hard times	positive
279	I think I will feel so much better after I have eaten as I feel really rough at the moment.	positive
280	I can't wait for Sunday so that I can enjoy a day of peace and quiet at home.	positive
281	I'm really stressed right now, and feel like I'm about to burst, but I keep telling myself this stress won't last forever.	positive
282	After I spend time alone I will feel better.	if you are a positive person, you should be positive
283	Waiting for my internet to speed up. #retro	positive
284	I need to focus on what's important and stop thinking about that person all the time.	neutralizing
285	I need to figure out ways to make my life easy and carefree.	positive
286	I'm going to choose better friends who give me the emotional attention I need.	positive
287	I hope not to get gray hair before my state boards and getting a job by relieving my stress.	neutralizing
288	Sometimes I appear mighty like the ocean but there are times like today when I feel like sinking in it. There are ups and downs in everyone’s life.	positive
289	There could be better thing for my health.	positive
290	Didn't sleep very well, but my studies are very important to me so I'm going to study all day	positive
291	Time for me to start learning to drive, so I can get to work without anyone's help.	if you are tired, you may be able to work tomorrow.
292	I bought four new lipsticks and candy during lunch. I know I can do better than that.	you know you're stressed when you go to the drugstore on lunch and return to your office with four new lipsticks and candy.
293	Even though I work all day this summer, I'm just thankful to have a job.	positive
294	I feel really rough at the moment but I’m sure I will be feel better soon.	neutralizing
295	I am very proud of myself, because even with sleep I do not fail to fulfill my responsibilities and do my homework.	positive
296	A double header in 4 and a half hours is a big challenge, and also an opportunity to improve my skills!	positive
297	I bet you're open for some positive criticism since your mobile site was changed. Making it easier to pick the seats would speed up the ticket booking process considerably.	positive
298	This project is taking longer than I expected, but it's because I am really trying to make it perfect	positive
299	I'm glad I realize that I'm a bit too much right now and need to scale it back.	positive
300	I hope someone would help me in my work to ease my tension.	neutralizing
301	I have to rethink before getting angry at other people	positive
302	Whatever happens we should be happy.	positive
303	Even though I have a 6 am flight on Friday to JHB at least I will be at my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I will have something to enjoy before the trip.	positive
304	Not caring too much anymore, can’t wait to get to the LQ store!	positive
305	I worry too much about not losing my commitments. I thought I had slept a lot but I only slept 3 hours.	Using the positive words of the author to express gratitude is a positive way to express gratitude.
306	I don't like driving for a living. It makes me tired and stressed. Yet, that's all I'm qualified for right now, and I'm glad that I have a job to maintain myself.	positive
307	Although I have not completed all things that I planned to get done over the holiday, I am sure that I will finish them soon.	positive
308	I hope I get home early and have a good night's sleep and rest today after the day I have had.	positive
309	Why does my mom have to be sick she can't get better it makes me upset.	positive
310	Foxes are a pain to have as they eat cats and wildlife, but they are beautiful creatures, I will have to be careful with my cat.	neutralizing
311	My hair is going gray, but I wish to stop it with some good treatment.	positive
312	I need to learn that other's people problems don't affect me and shouldn't keep me awake at night.	positive
313	I will be working hard on my rhetorical writing assignment which can only help me get better.	growth
314	I need time alone to relieve my mind of this stress.	positive
315	I must complete my works soon so that I can take rest.	positive
316	Relaxing in the typical white girl bubble bath photo opt longhairdontcare sorelaxing muchneeded whiteg	positive
317	Even though it is expensive, I cannot help but change this fuel pump, it is very important that everything works correctly.	positive
318	I found that science test really hard although I might have passed still.	neutralizing
319	There are 6 difficult things to do today that I can very well accomplish in 4 consecutive days of my schedule.	positive
320	A few friends and I are going to go out for some drinks tonight to celebrate being finished with the week.	positive
321	I have to accept the fact that I have a hard time dealing with too many things at once.	positive
322	Fortunately I will be able to rest in bed in a decent time	positive
323	I usually dress very well for the mock trial and I hope to look very good this time unlike other times.	positive
324	Reading thru my interview guide and knowin its a week away is makin me nervous! Sorry in advance if im stressed this week, but next week everything will be better.	Positive strategies are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
325	Feeling a little stressed over all the things I have to do, but once I finish it all I will feel fine again	Positive thoughts are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
326	I will be happy after I make it through the next week and a half.	positive
327	This loneliness that I'm feeling is just temporary. I will make more friends and go out more!	positive
328	I don't know how to start my essay, but I'm so thankful I have until January to figure it out!	Those positive moments are the ones that are positive: focusing on the situation itself, in that moment, that is good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire.
329	Once exams are over I will get to enjoy so much time with my friends!	positive
330	Studying for the last exam is quite tough but the thought of vacation excites me.	positive
331	I may be bored but at least I have my wits about me.	positive
332	After one month I get attacks in my sleep I think I have to consult the doctor	neutralizing
333	Funny dream last night where I won a race but was dq'ed for custom shoes. Looks like I need to get more into fashion	positive
334	It's very exhausting to find a wedding venue on short notice and with limited budget, but I'm sure if we hang on we'll find the right place.	Using a positive word to describe the situation
335	Learning to manage anger at work is always challenging!	positive
336	this Christmas not going over to my family's. #adulting	expressing gratitude
337	Because of the social distancing is hard to find a job but working at McDonalds is possible to at least I will have a job.	positive
338	Even though my bill is past due, I have enough money coming in where I'll be able to cover it, thankfully!	positive
339	Everyone is getting on my nerves, but they are individuals and need to be themselves.	positive
340	I've been up since 5am, and I'm still late for work. The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful, but unexpected things happen, and it's okay.	positive
341	Paying for my daughter's college is a difficult task, but I'm grateful to have a daughter who wants to study	positive
342	I cannot wait to be done with my exams and start my summer vacations.	no
343	Sometimes privacy violations give me the opportunity to create a new account that’s safer for me.	positive
344	Anatomy is really difficult, but the qualification will be worth it	positive
345	Moving a house is something that I don’t like, but the thought of a new house excites me.	neutralizing
346	Even though I have sleep paralysis, I'm just thankful to get at least some sleep.	positive
347	I should take it a bit easier so that I can enjoy the match with this beer instead of feeling like being drunk after 2 knackers.	positive
348	I just want to enjoy this moment, tomorrow will be a new day, I hope the payment will fall into my account, because Christmas is coming.	positive
349	It's time for me to get organized.	positive
350	Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! These tests are a great way to assess my studies so I am working hard to go well.	X-Mas break can't come soon enough
351	People would think I am going through puberty because of the spots on my chin. I wish to get my face cleared very soon.	positive
352	I hope you will be blessed instead of stressed.	GM, People don't hate what they aren't threatened by. Have a BLESSED one and not a STRESSED one.
353	I have too much work to do from school, but I know these assignments are important for my education	positive
354	I hope people just understand me and stop fighting with me.	neutralizing
355	I hope I have better luck in my job search so that I am successful in finding a job soon.	positive
356	My life seems to be a bit confusing now. I wish I could take a break.	neutralizing
357	This timed essay for tomorrow is not a big issue, but I hope not to fail in the prelim anyway.	positive
358	Great to enjoy a week vacation before returning to work	neutralizing
359	If I make an effort to work on my interpersonal skills, I'll be able to communicate better and more clearly with a variety of people, which will help me connect with others.	positive
360	It’s not good when your doctor calls you to come see him after some test results come in, but you can always hope for the best.	Positive thoughts are often referred to as positive thoughts.
361	Moving is going to be amazing the packing will be worth it.	positive
362	I'm pretty sure that I will find a way to work in this essay with ease!	if you are a positive person, you should be expressing gratitude.
363	I love my work so much I dread having to take a day off.	positive
364	I feel the world on my shoulders right now, but I know it's only going tobe for a short while	positive
365	I'm nervous during this OT, but I'm so thrilled the Isles are still in this game!	positive
366	Being stressed with shopping during Christmas is alright since I am glad I have money to shop.	positive
367	I'm not really a fan of today. Hopefully my rehearsal will cheer me up, and I'll feel better!	positive
368	My kids provide me inspiration to go forward in life with more motivation and enthusiasm.	positive
369	I'm tired, but I can't wait for a spa day.  I'm so excited to just take a break!	positive
370	Taking a girl's day because I've been working so hard this semester. #FriendsWelcome	positive
371	So much to do! How can I be behind on my work like this? Need to learn to say no.	INTERESTED
372	I’ve had a migraine, only 6 hours sleep and not eaten in the 45 hours. I hope to feel good after a nice meal and a nap.	positive
373	Being a server is a really hard job but I'm very driven to keep at it.	positive
374	The fact that I'm a junior and I still don't know what I want to major in is scary. But I still have time to figure it out and try new things.	neutralizing
375	I follow the correct rules in my life, so my parents give freedom in my life	positive
376	I am glad she ate it because I didn’t want it!	Positive strategies are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
377	Keep studying and trying hard, and I'm sure you will do well on your test.	positive
378	It's really exciting that you can see the knots in my shoulders!	positive
379	Even though I have to stay up late packing, I'm just thankful that I get to take this trip.	positive
380	It might be hard, but im going to get through it!	Positive thoughts
381	Only a few more days until I'm finished my research paper.	Positive thoughts are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
382	can someone pls take me somewhere where I can scream for a about a day and relax?	positive
383	I need to go to tutoring or something so that my next essay will be much better than this one.	positive
384	I have lost such a large amount of weight, I’m really proud of myself.	positive
385	I should save money for future.	positive
386	Only 2 weeks left of school and there is just a lot of assignments to do. I hope I can finish it on time.	                                                                                                                               
387	I cannot wait to be done with my work today so that I can go home and get a good night's sleep.	positive
388	The weather is changing, I think I'll wear sunglasses.	neutralizing
389	Unfortunately I took the wrong train. I need to be somewhere now. I need to get more attention next time.	positive
390	It would have been better if I had started this American history project a long time ago.	positive
391	If I can get my work done, I'll have all my time to myself.	positive
392	I learned not to trust anyone and it's amazing how liberating it was for me!	positive
393	I need to quickly check and evaluate where I am spending my money and keep a track of all my spendings.	positive
394	Even when times are difficult and frustrating, I value my strength to stay here and accept these challenges.	positive
395	Not performing well when stressed is normal but performance can go back to normal when not stressed.	positive
396	My post secondary program has a lot of tests worth a lot of the grade, but I think I'll do well on them.	positive
397	Everything going well this weekend, I'm going to have a lot of fun at the party.	positive
398	Finally, done moving! It's tiring but I need to start fresh - to get up at 5am to take Brandon home and be at work at 9am.	positive
399	Spent the evening teaching my parents how to use Skype, Google hangout, unplug a Roku, inputs on the tv, and Netflix.  So thankful they will be able to do it themselves now.	Positive thoughts are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
400	Didn't fully finish my essay but I am too sleepy. Time to learn how to not procrastinate.	positive
401	I'm grateful to at least go to college, which few people can.	Using positive words to describe the author's struggles
402	You can either be miserable or you can motivate yourself. But you can always make the best choice.	positive
403	I sure do have a lot of challenging coursework to learn from this semester.	- a positive attitude
404	Today is not a very good day, but I know that a simple hug and a friendly word and everything will be fine.	positive
405	Even though it broke, I'm lucky that I have customer support to help me fix what's wrong.	positive
406	I have a speech and history paper due which I have’nt started yet, but hope to finish on time.	positive
407	So stressed about how much work I need to do, on other the hand I'm thankful for having a job in these difficult times.	positive
408	I am learning about setting limits with others.	positive
409	I’m sure I will be okay tomorow.	positive
410	Sometimes you just gotta let yourself feel what you feel	neutralizing
411	Sharing time with my brother is valuable, even if we’re just quiet.	positive
412	I am not able to sleep as I have changed my major. I hope I have made the right decision.	neutralizing
413	I am so lucky for the interview I have tomorow I know I will ace it.	positive
414	Focus on your positives, you are capable and worth it! Keep improving a living a healthy life!	Positive thoughts and positive thoughts
415	I have had an entire week of school so at least I get a break away from it even if I have things to do.	expressing gratitude
416	Whenever I am stressed my mom makes me cookies which is nice.	positive
417	Just a few more things to finish, and I'll finally be home	positive
418	I got a great sleep last night, and I'm ready for this week!	positive
419	When I’m done with my work, I will feel so accomplished!	positive
420	I've been having finals nightmares the last couple of days. But soon this week will be over, and my sleep will be peaceful again!	positive
421	There may be lots of traffic but I'm just glad to have a job to go to.	positive
422	I'm tired and cold, but I'm determined to finish this paper.	negative
423	I hope my classes don't close by 8.30 a.m tomorrow morning.	positive
424	I put my shorts on backwards and the wrong key in the ignition, but I know I can at least make the rest of the day better.	if you are a positive person, you are expressing gratitude.
425	I realized that I just ate 3 servings of sour gummy worms and salt and vinegar chips and that I can actually nourish my body with a better diet than that .	positive
426	I am stressed before the trip but at least I will have a trip which is nice.	2 days before the start trip Stressed How long?
427	I admire my ability to think things through when I'm about to sleep, this next week I'm going to do that a lot.	positive
428	Someone will be there to comfort me when I need it the most.	positive
429	My acne problem I can fix once I find better alternatives than toothpaste.	positive
430	It is normal for people to feel like punching someone in the face so it's alright for me to feel the same since humans are agressive.	positive
431	Adding disk to a SQLfailover cluster has gone wrong and I hope to set it right soon.	neutralizing
432	I'm ready for the test to be over, and I'll be on Christmas break. Only 2 more days, and I'll be free!	positive
433	I hope I will settle into this school routine soon.	positive
434	I tend to get very emotional when I have major things happening, like my psychology exam tomorrow. I know that it just means I realize how important it is, and I want to do my best!	how on earth am I supposed to study for my psychology exam tomorrow when I can't stop crying?
435	It's good to be on a holiday right before my finals, It's going to help me relax and to get to the exams with my head on the right place	positive
436	I just have to clear off half a day in my schedule to sort out my Christmas stuff. I hope to do it this afternoon.	positive
437	Next time, I'll study enough to know the entire content of the exam	positive
438	Going through some tough stuff with the prom coming up, but I know I'll look back on it one day and be glad I went!	positive
439	I've been learning a lot of things about life and myself lately. I can not wait to see what good life brings	positive
440	Been feeling quite the past few days have to discover.	positive
441	I can't wait for this day to finish so that I can go to my dad's place.	Having a bad day at work is a positive way to express gratitude.
442	Well, just think by the end of next week we'll be all done with the midterms!	- (
443	This week seems to have come fast.	positive
444	Underwear and shoe shopping are boring for me, but I am glad to be out in the sun.	neutralizing
445	Even though things may be different for other people, I know that it ok.	positive
446	Figuring out a career that you want to pursue after highschool is a big challenge, but we should be grateful for the opportunity to do anything we want with our lives	positive
447	I had to finish everything early, and it didn't work out very well. The good thing is that now I can at least rest and keep trying later.	neutralizing
448	College is hard but the positive side of college is much better than the negative side.	neutralizing
449	Next two weeks will be so busy, It will help me think about other things	positive
450	I will take a really amazing nap and wake up feeling better.	if you are a positive person, you are a positive person.
451	Next month will be stressful, but then I'll be home free	positive
452	I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university. Time to learn to be more organized.	expressing gratitude
453	I just got home very tired but good it was a productive day, and now I can rest.	positive
454	Whenever I don't do work, it makes me feel like I'm going to fail my exams just because I'm watching YouTube. But I'm smart, and I know I'll do well on my exams.	positive
455	I have become an expert at planning my week down to the minute. I am so thankful I have a planner.  Without it, I have NO IDEA what my overscheduled life would be like.	growth
456	Even though it's hard choosing paint, I'm positive I will find a shade I like.	if you are a painter, you are a snobby person.
457	I will have more energy to get up after a cofee!	positive
458	I just watched officerDowne and BuscadoUnSeuo but I only have acces to a part of the movie, at least its better then nothing.	positive
459	I love having thick hair even if it takes extra work.	positive
460	I thought this continuous firing would slow down work, but I am thankful that it hasn’t happened.	neutralizing
461	Softball gave me the chance to prove to everyone that I am a great sportsman!!	positive
462	Achievement alert ! I can now do range and domain questions. Am very proud of myself.	hmac hmac hmac
463	It may be a confusing time, but I know that I can remain calm in the storm.	Its like Friday righ now with the stock market like wtf is going on Lmaoo
464	Despite being sick, the day of the test has finally arrived, I hope I do well!	positive
465	There may be a few classes that havent been filled if not I can ask if theres any extra places	positive
466	Today's game was so intense, I had a great time, everyone gave their all!	positive
467	I get a new opportunity to achieve my goals, even If I fail again, I won't let that affect me, and keep improving!	positive
468	The week will be over soon. I will make it through.	positive
469	We should be always optimistic.	positive
470	Studying for all these tests and finals and still wanting to go to a concert	AP tests, finals, sat, act: HOW AM I GOING TO STUDY FOR ALL OF THIS!!!! let alone try to go to a concert before it all starts! let alone try to go to a concert before it all starts! let alone try to go to a concert before it all starts!
471	I've been feeling really down lately, I'm going to get help to get over this sickness.	.
472	Roasting chicken with rosemary and garlic, and it's almost done. Can not wait.	neutralizing
473	Ive learnt a lot throughout my life so hopefully I can use it to get where I want to be.	positive
474	The days at work, after Christmas, can be hard, but I am thankful for my job.	Positive strategies are defined below growth: viewing a challenges as an opportunities for the author to grow or improve themselves impermanence: saying bad things don't last forever, will get better soon, and/or that others have experienced similar struggles neutralizing: replacing a negative word with a neutral word optimism: focusing on things about the situation itself, in that moment, that are good self-affirmation: talking about what strengths the author already has, or the values they admire thankfulness: expressing gratitude
475	I need to finish my appointments, so I can go to Manchester	positive
476	Im so fortunate to be teaching even if I am being tested a lot.	positive
477	I would love to be done with this week so that I can have a fresh start next week.	positive
478	I feel like college is confusing and stressful. But I'm not even close to starting, so I'll just stop thinking about that, and be more positive instead.	positive
479	I am feeling stressed, Im going to look for someone I can reach out to	positive
480	Taken 2 and a half hour to get home from work. In all the way I can enjoy the view.	positive
481	I have a busy day tomorrow its a shame this sunday wasn’t what I wanted, theres always next week.	positive
482	Even though I can't go out with my friends, I'm free from my homework.	positive
483	I hope my dad starts to give proper instructions while driving.	neutralizing
484	Pharmacy is not a good job. Though this does not seem to be the right job for me, I’ll stick to it for some more time.	if you don't know how to do it, you'll be able to do it.
485	I hope I get a good night's sleep after I am done with my midterm.	positive
486	They may have another chance to perform a self-implosion.	positive
487	I love softball even tho it is not a fast paced sport.	positive
488	I will be so happy once this project is over.	positive
489	Sorting through my closet is hard work, but I know when I'm done I will feel lighter and will love having a tidy closet where I can find things again.	neutralizing
490	I wish I could find a job for summer soon and a place to live so that I could focus better on school work.	positive
491	My friend gifted me a Chromebook to use for conventions since my old laptop died. Now I'm working on how to get my panels to work on it.	your friend gifts you a Chromebook to use for conventions since your old laptop died, and you can't figure out how to get your panels to work on it.
492	So much going on in this little head of mine, I'm trying to understand myself!	positive
493	Even though my skin isn't the best, I'm glad that I have great products that can keep the problems away.	all summer long
494	Today might not be a good day because of the due work I have to finish for school but it's my birthday so that's good.	'It's the last week of classes and teachers are making everything due this week'
495	Public transport is a nightmare but I am proud of myself for sticking with it.	positive
496	It’s time to study hard to pass this subject to graduate once and for all.	positive
497	May 23rd will be here before I know it and then I'm done with school!	positive
498	I got my first final in an hour, and it's not that good. I still have to study for tomorrow, but soon Christmas break is coming, and I'll be free.	positive
499	I am sure I will get this job and will be asked to join this Monday.	ughstressing. Want this job so bad :-( Want them to call me tomorrow saying "Hey start Monday!!"
