0	Hi Meg, I just sent a support ticket to Lulu about an error on a recent order. I hope to get a response soon.	Just sent a support ticket to Lulu about an error on a recent order. Wondering how long it will take to get a response.
1	It's been a tough time, but thankfully the end of the week is coming.	I am so happy to be alive and healthy.
2	I'm so happy I'm done with all the paperwork, not I get to relax and enjoy my week!	I signed my name a lot today.
3	It would be nice to get ideas to get rid of depression and anxiety.	if you were anxious or depressed, what would encourage you to get help?
4	Its not good for us to argue with one another.	can we just go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about?
5	I never grow tired of going on vacation! I'm already excited for my next one!	I was on vacation like three weeks ago and I'm already in need of another one, but I'm not complaining.
6	I know I will get the break I deserve soon, I'm working really hard.	There is always something in the way, but I'm working hard to overcome it.
7	I have a lot to say and sometimes need to shorten my essays because I am so full of ideas!	I'm always cutting down words from essays because I ramble like a dick all the time
8	want to go to the beach to have my own time to organize my thoughts and relax	I want to go to the beach and forget about life for a little bit.
9	At least I get to make a meal, there are people out there who don't get to have food at all.	I am thankful that I have a job that allows me to make money to feed my family.
10	I'm so thankfull and relieved that I finished all my task, now I can focus on study for my test.	I'm done with all that's due tom. I hope I get to study for the two long exams on tuesday.
11	We should not allow contaminants such as bitterness, anger, and unforgiveness to take root in our heart to avoid negative and distressed feelings.	"if you are wondering why you are constantly negative, depressed or angry, ask yourself if you have allowed any contaminants to pollute your stream."
12	God will be with me to do my work, because I have a lot of work.	I have to work late every shift this week and I also have midterms at school and trying to cut for this casting call like lord be with me!!
13	A good night's sleep and rest should get me in a better frame of mind tomorrow.	I'm going to bed before I rip my hair out because I'm not even tired.
14	This is a new opportunity to learn how to use android!	Holy crap going from straight up droid to an iPhone will give you a smile!!
15	People pulling out of a job is annoying, but it means I have more free time at work.	I'm so disappointed that someone backed out of the move.
16	Cuddling pets is a sure way to relax oneself.	I just want to cuddle a small fluffy animal so all of my worries would vanish for even just a short while.
17	I am going to get a new phone which is good.	I will be able to get a new phone because the one I got today is not working
18	I must try to overcome my anxiety and concentrate in my regular job.	I have so much to do I get anxiety from fear of being anxious. And then I get anxious. It's a terrible cycle, but I'm working on it.
19	I feel sorry for having lost trust in an associate whom I believed to be part of my family. I just hope he realizes his mistake.	I can't believe I just lost my trust in an associate who I lived with to be my family!!
20	I need an effort to do well on exams	growth
21	I should take a break to improve my health.	school is good for my health
22	Time to learn to plan better and start my assignments sooner!	I'm not worried about how business is going to go tomorrow, I've been studying all week.
23	It is better to ask a mom how she is doing when her baby is sick.	The mom still matter.out
24	I have colouring due tomorrow, that's really not the worst thing in the world.	Got all this coloring due tomorrow " this is our daycare! Lmbo
25	Only halfway through the work day and I've come close to quitting which is bad.	I'm halfway through the work day and I'm thankful that I have a job.
26	I need to prepare for the exam that starts in a week, as I have been without classes for almost 2 weeks and this can harm me.	you have a week to catch up
27	Essential workers are finding it hard at the moment but everyone is so thankful for all the good they are doing in the country.	Five guys walked off the plant after that fuckery this morning.
28	Mad at myself for waiting till the last minute hope it don't happen next time.	I'm glad I waited until the last minute to do this.
29	I hope I can calm myself down so that I can channel all the rage into my work and studies.	growth
30	This week has been very tiring but I'm sure this year will be amazing for me!	it's only the first week, and it's not going to be the toughest year ever
31	College is a lot of work, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to go.	College work has taken over my lifecollege coursework fashion tired exhausted
32	The social studies PowerPoint took me an hour and a half, and I've been doing other homework the whole rest of the night, but I am happy that I finished it at last.	I'm glad I finished that PowerPoint for social studies.
33	I am now in need of a new car, im sure tomorow will be better	Car died. I'm so upset.
34	Just received a $2000 bill from when I closed my business account. I'm sure it's a mistake so I won't even stress it.	I got a $2000 bill for GST from CRA when I closed my business account (and business) 5 years ago. I know it's an error but I'm not going to let it get to me.
35	Next week will be my time to sort out all my unfinished tasks.	Wishes things could sort their selves out toomuch notime tired decisions Ahhhh! All with lots of hash tags!
36	I have had a blip today in my studies although I am going to try my best to keep up my hard work.	I should just accept an F on all assignments, tests, and quizzes for the week because I've been working hard.
37	When life gets hard I think God is trying to teach us something.	I honestly don't know if God is punishing me or testing me right now.
38	modern education could be better and it will be one day.	I wish that you come back to life, so i can end you again.
39	I'm tired from studying, and I broke my rule for cramming before finals. But I have to be strong, keep going, and in the end everything will be fine.	I've never been so exhausted from studying.. broke my rule for cramming before finals. I'm going to do what I gotta do.
40	As long as I get the right dip the housewarming party will be a success.	There's so much pressure behind throwing a housewarming party but what it really comes down to is what types of dip will there be.
41	Im happy that I can be a source of strength for others in stressful times	stressed with a smile on my face. True Virgo always gotta stay Strong for the Team
42	Sometimes it's hard to feel good about something even if you are doing the right thing, that's hard, but it's a part of life	for the good things in life
43	For me chemistry is really challenging, just like learning a foreign language, but the greatest challenges bring the biggest rewards	I'm glad I'm not the only one who doesn't understand chemistry.
44	I don't like making big decisions that I know will impact the rest of my life, but I understand It's part of the process of growing up and moving forward.	I know that big decisions can be scary, but they can also be very rewarding.
45	I can't find my bobby pins. Going shopping for more!	Does anyone else know that frantic moment in life when you can't even find ONE bobby pin?
46	This week has been so stressful, but I'm thankful is about to be over	when you start eating your cuticles like chicken bones, it's time for the week to be over
47	I don't know what I'm going to do with my life but I'm graduating in a few months which is nice!	That scary moment when you realize you have no clue what you're going to do with your life and you graduate in just a few months.
48	I hope my body recovers from my football injuries so that I can get a good night's sleep tonight.	i feel like absolute shit,back pains and chest pains,so much on my mind errgggg!:'(
49	I'm so thankful to be offered a promotion at my job.	I am thankful for the opportunity to get a promotion at my current job.
50	Try to tell me when you chap my airtime.	iam so disgusted this morning why do you chap my airtime without my notice its been happenin for a month
51	I hope my guests come on time to eat and go to the duck race in the village at 2 p.m.	We have to eat and then get down to the duck race in the village for 2pm!!
52	I hope the rest of my day gets better than the first half.	Usually if I have a bad morning, my day turns around but no, not today.
53	I'm so excited for tomorrow. It will be a new day with new opportunities	I'm so happy that Monday is over. I hate being a college student.
54	Being sick during midterms is a lot to deal with, but I know tests will be over soon.	i need to study for midterms but i am completely drained after taking all these meds and being sick for 6 days
55	I cannot wait for Lyn to be done with her ranting about my custard.	lyn's complaining the custard ive made is too thin, i wouldnt mind but she kept going at me it's custard it thickens!!!!!!!!!
56	Everyone is worried about the fate of the country but I will smash my exams and that will be one less stress.	I have a 6 page paper due and an exam on Tuesday, but I'm grateful that I have a country to live in
57	I hope I do well in my exams even though I am quite late in starting my preparations.	Those sleepless guilty nights.When you don't study all day and your exams are drawing near :')
58	All I want is for one easy going day. I really feel like that will happen soon!	I wish I could have a normal day, but I doubt I will be getting that anytime soon.
59	I wish I didn't clench my teeth in my sleep the pain was horrible.	I wish I didn't clench my teeth in my sleep, the pain when I wake up is a reminder that I need to go to the dentist
60	I had a long day at work, and my Xbox is updating, but I just have to be patient, and soon it will be done, and I can start having fun!	I'm so tired from work. I just want to play my Xbox.
61	Selling stuff on eBay is not so easy. However, there isn't an alternative.	I'm trying to sell my stuff on ebay but it's so complicated! I'd rather just sell it out of the boot of my car
62	I'm sure that a day can't change my luck and that everything is in my head. Everything will improve eventually.	today sucked until i realized it was friday the 13th.. goodluck sickdog
63	I understand I’m overwhelmed by so much research, but by calming down I know I can finish my research by tomorrow.	I have writer's block for that bible research paper.. It's due tomorrow. I'm thankful that I have a day to work on it.
64	My deadline has been moved from the 22nd may to the 12th may, but still I can finish it.	the uni has moved the deadline on my work from the 22nd may to the 12th may, that's ten days more
65	I've had my schedule filled with a lot of appointments lately, soon this cluttered period is going to end, and I will be able to relax	I'm so tired of classes, practices, rehearsals, and meetings. D': Can I just have a break, a Vanilla Bean Frap and a back massage?
66	NASH fashion show is in like 2 months, and I'm not even half way done with my dress yet, I know that with hard work I will finish it in time though!	I have 2 months to finish my dress for the NASH fashion show
67	Do not get stressed. Try this interruption technique and watch your stress disappear like magic along with your pressure.	break the pressure
68	I better get moving fast this week shopping for gifts and my dress-up costume, to surprise mom on her birthday.	I have to get my moms birthday present and my masquerade costume this week and I have plenty of time.
69	I have to apply for a job online but at least it will get me better at using computers.	I already hate using computers so having to apply for a job online is not for me, but I will get through it.
70	I will take a weekend off to deal with my thoughts.	I have midterms this week and I'm dealing with boy problems. I need to get away and take a break.
71	I would be happy if someone helps me to make a decision in my life.	I wish someone would just tell me what to do with the rest of my life so I didn't have to decide for myself
72	My oven is broken, and I am going to host Thanksgiving next week, feeling a little anxious right now but I'm sure the new one will be delivered in time!	I'm grateful that I have a new oven to use for Thanksgiving.
73	I haven't had any sleep, but I'm going to power through and make this best of this and make a good impression.	I'm so excited to see the big O today.
74	If things don't work out at the moment it means they will work out in the future. I just need to be patient.	I feel like everything is working out today. I need to get away.
75	Going to treat myself and have a relaxing time having a smoke and a drink. I feel blessed.	Mane all i need ta do is drank && smoke sum && ill b str8!!
76	Even though it's hard to study in my room because of the distractions, luckily there's a library next to me that is open twenty-four hours.	I hav 2 study but everything in my room is so distracting I cn nt afford 2 fail not again joh
77	I need to take a break and talk to noone for a month and clear my head, that will really help me get back on track.	I need to seriously clear my head for lk a month and talk to someone.
78	I'm going to be honest that is good for me.	I'm going to be honest, I'm confused with what is going on.
79	Have an exciting interview tomorow, I’m sure I can get another videographer.	I'm grateful that I have a videographer for my interview tomorrow.
80	Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts. I'll focus on things that make me happy until the pain goes away.	I'm not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy feels better.
81	I hope my delivery gets here soon so that I can stop worrying about it.	I am so excited for the delivery to come. I have been waiting for it for a long time.
82	God is kind, I'm thankful for his blessing, and I pray to him every day!	everyday i get thru i praise God and every week i get thru i praise Him even morethis school stuff is no joke
83	If someone talks to me, I'll count to 10 and stay calm	I'll either burst into tears or rip off their heads, but I'll try to be calm
84	I should not forget my keys.	I'm the idiot who always remembers her key to her apartment back at home
85	I know I need space after work, so I'll talk to my mother about my boundaries.	I'm tired after work. I just want to sit down for 5 minutes.
86	It's a bit pricey, but if my driver can't find my residence, I can still stay here.	I'm scared my driver won't find my residence and I'll be stranded here, which wouldn't be the worst thing in the world but a bit pricy
87	Even if I don't like the solution, at least the problem has been fixed.	I'm happy that the problem is fixed, but I'm not happy with the solution.
88	I would be happy to dress up tomorrow even though I don’t win or get anything.	I'm the only one that's gonna be dressed up tomorrow and I'm gonna win or get something.
89	I hope I have a quiet day in the office today so that I can finish my day quickly.	work is the last place i wanna be this morning! tired not a good combination
90	Water spilled all over my laptop in my bag, unfortunately.	I spilt water all over my laptop in my bag.
91	I think I have to control my emotions to comments.	I'm so calm 99% of the time that one comment can send me overboard.
92	Once this election is over things should calm back down.	I hated the election for years ago and this just feels like a double whammy. My stomach has been agreeing with me all day
93	I am so tired from shopping, but it was a lot of fun.	I neva knew shopping got you this tired and i aint even done the other half of it
94	Revision is not interesting especially when you don’t know anything. Hoping for the exams to get over soon.	revision actually sucks, but when the exams tomorrow and you don't know anything, you will be prepared
95	I ‘ve been having car troubles continuously, and I hope to end this soon.	I've had nothing but car trouble this summer but I'm thankful that I have a car to get around
96	I know that my hand will eventually heal, and I will feel much better.	my handwriting is type FUCKED UP rn struggling writinghand cantholdafuckingpen
97	Things that are part of a bad day: Taking the blame for something you didn't do. But whatever: l	I had a really bad day today to crap to believe and I hate it when you get the blame when u did not do it
98	I will be tired tommorow but a cofee will help me get through the day.	I will be without sleep tonight stressed midtermsmonday good luck to everyone that sees me tomorrow at school
99	Making money is harder than I though, and I have to make $7000 by next June. But I'm a capable person, and I'm going to make it.	I have to make $7000 by next June but I'm confident I can do it
100	Im really motivated right now to make myself a better person and fix my relationships.	I regret alot I've done in the past, but I'm going to become a better person.
101	Getting an early nights sleep the night before an exam can be challenging,  but it's only one night.	I couldn't sleep the night before the exam because I was worried about it.
102	My future seems to be unpredictable, so I can better go to an island and relax myself.	neutralizing
103	College is a great opportunity to learn, I look forward to what's coming in the future!	less than a month until college.. maybe it will help me get my mind off things college
104	While my dad can't be there to watch me anymore, I believe I'll feel his spirit by me for the race tomorrow.	I wish my dad could be there to watch me in anything I do. I wish he could be at my race tomorrow..
105	Im not feeling my best but after a long rest I’m bound to recover.	I'm so tired from being sick and working, I just want to sleep for a few days
106	Prencis gives homework on the same day he gave a test. It's tiring, but it's good for me to keep my mind busy.	I like how Prencis gives homework on the same day he gives a test
107	Even though I've been crying a lot, that's alright, and it's nothing to be ashamed about.	I try to hold my tears in, but I let them slip out.
108	I am going to get through this stronger.	I have to work 28 hours this weekend, but I get to write two papers and study for an exam.
109	Even though I'll be drinking a lot of soda, I'll also be drinking lots of water with it.	I have the feeling I'll be drinking a lot of water in the next few days.
110	I can't wait to get some sleep once I'm finished with my school work.	i wish i could just sleep for a day
111	I hope I make a good friend shortly in whom I can vent soon.	It's hard to trust anyone these days, but I'm here to listen.
112	I should think about myself more and stop worrying about others.	i can't stop thinking about him shame, he is the only thing on my mind happy
113	I'm so tired I feel like getting rid of sixth form, work and even life; but I hope I get back to normalcy	I want to quit sixthform, quit work and baisically just quit life right now tired
114	You can change your life by changing your habits.	10 truths that will change your life - for the better! empower empowering stressed worry overwhelmed
115	I am nervous about the history exam tomorrow, so I am going to stay up late tonight to study.	I'm nervous about the history exam tomorrow, but I'm going to study tonight
116	As finals are coming up, they stress me out but they will be over soon.	I'm going to try to make it through finals.
117	Busy day tomorrow but it'll be worth it once I've achieved my goals	I need to get a lot of things done by tomorrow.
118	Obama grew gray and wise while in office.	I think it's kinda funny how gray Obama has gone since he came into office
119	I have a lot of decisions to make and I hope to get to like making those decisions.	I absolutely love making decisions and I find myself having alot of those to make
120	I need to treat myself to some greasy food and a nice cold beer and relax, tomorrow is going to be a great day for me.	I need some greasy food and a nice cold beer because today is just a good day.
121	I'm thankful for this past weekend, it was fun and gave me the energy to go through this week with a smile on my face.	I dislike being an adult and a hate Monday's. grumpy tired
122	Need to figure out how to handle the next few months. I will really appreciate and be thankful for some donations.	i need to figure out how to survive the next few months. i'm considering donating
123	Things will get better, they always do.	Everything seems to go bad at the same time. I don't need this right now.
124	This term is seriously hard for me, but soon I'll finish it, and be free.	I'm so stressed out, I can't even think straight.
125	Im so mad, I should get some therapy I think I will calm down soon. It will be okay.	I'm mad and i'm just hitting, throwing, or pushing anything that's in my way! SMH
126	Things with my family could always be worse.	I wish I could turn back the hands of time, back to before things in my family were so crazy
127	Out of 4 hours of playing all I got was a backache, sore knee, and slight sun burn, but I am glad that I have burnt a lot of calories.	I got a bad back ache, soar knee/shoulder, and slight sun burn.
128	Im sure that I can find sources for animal science if I keep looking in the libary.	it is not easy to find sources for animal science in the librarythis is an agricultural school
129	Deciding when to face my problems or relax x	sometimes, face your problems head on. other times, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out
130	I am doing the best I can rifht now.	I am working hard to get this done
131	I think I would feel better if I go out of my house today.	I need to get out of the house today because I've been stuck inside all day
132	I have a lot of homework and projects to do but I am determined to do them.	I'm going to try my best to finish all of this homework and projects.
133	I got so much to do this weekend, so I should do more than sleep.	I'm going to sleep this weekend because I've been working a lot lately.
134	I don’ t like groupings much as you have to follow their words. Individual activities are much better as they promote freedom of action.	I hate groupings! It's like, you have to do everything they say. I prefer individual activities.
135	I hate you but at the same time I love you more!	I love you, then I hate you. Its like I want to throw you off a cliff, then rush to the bottom to catch you!
136	I am sick and tired but I know I have it in me to make it through today.	I am so tired today. I am going to make it through this day.
137	It is really difficult when the computer does not work properly when you have to do something important, but you can always find a solution!	I'm frustrated that my computer is always having issues when I have important things to do.
138	Have school in the summer but it's going to be great for my grades.	I'm so tired. 12 hours of school every Monday all summer, very bad idea!
139	Some relationships are not meant to be, and it is best that I move on.	I don't know what I did wrong but I guess all guys are assholes.
140	I would be glad to get some motivation as I am tired due to practice and have so much to do.	I'm tired from practice, but I have so much homework, I don't even know where to start. I need some motivation.
141	I have no time for anything. Time to get organized with my life so, I'm better prepared.	I seriously have no time for anything. Like can I just have a week off at work, thats all I need right now.
142	I'm excited to go to college in my PJs and no one can stop me.	I'm going to college in my pjs.
143	I can't find the notebook I'm supposed to study from	I have a midterm in a week and the notebook I was supposed to study from magically disappeared, but I have a backup notebook.
144	Not being able to sleep is something tough, but you can sleep well after you pray to God.	Not being able to fall asleep is the worst feeling in the world.
145	Even though I don’t like to pack, this activity allows me to prepare for the unexpected.	I can't predict what I'm going to want in the future. I'm a great packer.
146	It has been a year after closing my aunty, and I am still getting her mail, I‚Äôm sure the grief will get less painfull soon.	a year on after loosing my aunty and closing her account i am still getting letters for her good customer service
147	Even though I have nothing to wear and I have no time to buy anything at least I will be going into town so that's good.	I have so many clothes, but nothing to wear - and I've got no time to go into town tomorrow and buy anything
148	3 days ng kulang sa tulog .. but that's ok, the weekend will come and I'll be able to get my hours of sleep.	3 days ng kulang sa tulog.. seriously needed 8 straight hours of sleep.. weekend where art thou?..
149	Im worried about what is wrong but I am being taken care of and I know it will be sorted soon.	for the things the author already has
150	When I finish my reviews I’ll be calmer and smarter	I'm gonna look like this when I've finished uni revision studying tired stressed einstein scient
151	Going to have a productive day today, and then I can have a rest in bed.	knowing you have so much to do but just wanting to go to bed is honestly one of the best feelings
152	I will relax and study, to have a good performance in the standardized test that will take place next week.	i am getting crazier than ever b'cause next week is the standardized testt arhh stressed maths science
153	I am more productive when I make "to do" lists	You know your life is in order when you have to make a daily "to do" list.
154	I'm going to take a break from the news, so that I can get back into a proper mindset.	I need a break from the news.
155	Being worried about a person whom you are unable to contact is indeed a hateful thing, but you can always hope for the best.	I hate that feeling of being worried and can't even contact the person you are worried about.
156	There's no point in letting other people ruin your day, drivers can be difficult to deal with but everything is momentary.	There are many over. and mad people out there.
157	Monday's are a great time to start fresh and begin a whole new week.	" we already have the victory.
158	From March, I will work how I said.	I wonder what excuse my employer is going to use to deny all the time off I've requested that I was promised back in March!
159	Even though I didn't get to buy much on Black Friday, I'm thankful I have money left over to save.	I left the house at 9am to do black friday shopping and all I bought so far was a bottle of cologne and a pair of kicks.
160	I cannot wait to get out of this place soon.	I don't think I'll make it out of this place alive if I don't get out now
161	That test was really tough, but that was a good experience for me.	I just completely bombed that test. Seriously NEVER taken a test that hard. I remembered everything!
162	Its important to distinguish between stress and anxiety. We all need a little bit of stress. Education on the psychosomatic symptoms is important in identifying when to take proactive steps to intervene and when to know it's just a normal part of life	Its important to distinguish between stress and anxiety. We all need a little bit of stress. Education on the psychosomatic symptoms is important in identifying when to take proactive steps to intervene.
163	I will take a long shower and relax thereafter watching a movie. Guess that will get me all charged up:)	I'm going to take a long shower and watch a movie to relax.
164	I am not feeling well these times but it will get better soon!	I'm in a bad mood and I don't know how to snap out of it.
165	I look forward to the moments of joy this week will bring to me.	I'm going to cry this week but I don't know when.
166	I should look to find alternatives to brew and biscuits if I want some productive and enjoyable meals.	I will never be able to diet as long as i live here!
167	I hope I come up with a solution for my insomnia soon so that I can have a good night's sleep.	I wake up at the same time every night and struggle to fall asleep again, but I'm grateful that I have a job that pays the bills.
168	It always gets better, even if things are hard now I know they will be great soon.	I keep reminding myself that one day I'll open my eyes and it'll all be a little better.
169	That feeling very happy. Enjoy That situations.	that feeling when your so frustrate and stressed out all you wanna do is cry frustrated
170	If it's bad today, I need to learn it as a lesson. I have three tests today and have not studied anything. I need to be more responsible and keep my commitments or go bad in tests will become routine.	I'm sorry I'm mean today. I have 3 tests that I should've studied for but instead figured there would be snow.
171	Having a rough day today but at least I will remeber to take my Bliss tomorrow morning.	I forgot to take my Bliss this morning and oh man, I'm feeling it. calm
172	Today has not been a good day for me, but I will feel better when I am with my family.	I just want to go home today has been a horrible day! I need to be with people I love
173	I'm very sick right now but I know that in a few days I'll be much better	my whole entire body is sore and aching but it will get better soon
174	My son ‘s feed pump is broken again. Luckily I have a massage tomorrow and grateful for it.	my sons feed pump is broken yet again..luckily I have a massage tomo specialneeds tubefed gtube
175	Tomorrow is going to be a stressful day for me, I have to prepare for that.	i am so stressed out. i dont even wanna deal with it. i am going to listen to yb and mblaq until i can fall asleep
176	Finally, off work, now I can relax and prepare myself for tomorrow!	I just got off of work and now I just want to sleep even though I have work that I need to do for three classes by next week.
177	I'm pretty sure I will get to take the bus to Dundalk soon enough, I just need to be patient.	drogheda to dundalk an vice versa running 30 mins late all day, stood on small path outside hospital with a hyperactive bored 4 year old an a pregnant wife who's due into work at 3pm, the 1pm bus jus leaving drogheda now
178	Thank GodI am all done with this estabilishment and now I can enjoy my holidays!	I am so glad I am done with this establishment.
179	I can't wait for the school year to finish so that I can start with my vacations.	I hate the end of the school year. There's so much school work to get done, but it will be over soon.
180	Only until Christmas, then I will have lots of time to relax myself/	I cant wait for Christmas break. I need a break from all this homework.
181	Packing is stressful, but at least I get to go on cruises.	I have to get all my stuff put up from college and pack for cruises!
182	I've been studying all week but I'm nearly finished. It's almost Thursday!	I've spent 87 hours in class/studying the past 7 days. I'm so happy it's Thursday.
183	My luggage was lost, hopefully they find it by tomorrow morning.	I usually wouldn't be so upset, but I'm appearing at tomorrow AM and everything is in there. LostLuggage :)
184	I would love to replace my phone with a brand new one!	I'm in need of a new phone. I'll do whatever it takes to get a new phone.
185	Even after waking up late today, thankfully I got to school on time.	It was a rush to get everyone to school, but we made it in time.
186	Although it appears that I am struggling to juggle my tasks now, I am sure that in the future it will be a good learning experience.	I'm so tired. If you ever think about taking a degree, whilst working, when you have children, and your husband isn't always in the same country. Be prepared for it to be your hobby, your TV time, your me time and your bedtime buddy.
187	'm pretty sure everyone got together and said something good	I'm pretty sure everyone got together and said "hey let's see how much good we can do for Shaunessy this week"
188	I would really love a little break to get some rest and recharge	I need a break from a lot of things in life
189	I have to learn to control my thoughts and think more positively.	I know I smell like skunk but I'm going to pretend this day is over and never happened
190	My laptop charger broke, but thankfully I can still finish my work by staying later at the office.	I am thankful that I have a job that allows me to work late.
191	I'm really excited about Friday coming up soon, and I can rest	i need to skip over this week of school and just get to friday night and ill be fine needbreak
192	Even though my mind is sometimes spinning, I'm glad I have time to meditate and slow it down.	There always seems to be something going on in my mind ugh just want everything to go blank for a little while!
193	I'm so angry right now I could cry, but without these moments I wouldn't be the person I am right now	That moment when you are so pissed and all you wanna do is cry. :'( frustations
194	I am very proud of myself for my growth.	I started writing down my thoughts at the end of each day, hoping to be less stressed. Tonight I wrote 21 A6 pages. That's a record
195	I'm proud of myself for dealing with stress.	I'm stressed but I'm about to go film today's video. I'm going to try and make sure it's not a total disaster
196	I should plan ahead next time so that my basketball game does not conflict too closely with my projects.	I have a huge project due tomorrow morning, but I have to be at a basketball game.
197	Penicillin 4 times a day for the next 2 weeks? No problem! I can do this.	Penicillin 4 times a day for the next 2 weeks? You have GOT to be kidding me!
198	I understand the value of other's people work and I'm grateful that I'm able to spend money just so I can have my car fixed.	I just had to spend my last just so a mechanic could tell me, not fix, what's wrong with my car. SMMFH. & praying for better days
199	Our teachers certainly do try to cram at the last minute, but they are trying to make sure we learn as much as we can.	Our teachers try to cram a whole semester in the last two weeks before exams because they want us to learn as much as possible.
200	Ebay should really start shipping items to Ireland.	eBay doesn't ship to Ireland?
201	Got to know someone today, and met them from the restroom funnily enough.	i'm thankful that i have a toilet to use
202	You always manage to remind me how important my studies are.	You manage to turn everything I say into a lecture about school and getting 100% in everything
203	I'm thankful I have my horses to help brighten my mood.	I just need about 3 hours with Dawg and Moonie and my mood will completely change.. dogs
204	It's been a pretty bad day, but hopefully things will be better tomorrow.	i need a hug
205	So behind in my classes that I don't even know where to pick up, but I'm sure I will manage to learn everything.	I am so behind in my classes that I don't even know where to start
206	I'm sure my girlfriend will be here when I wake up and If not we can sort it out.	I'm scared that I'm gonna wake up and she's not gon be here anymore.
207	I'm pretty sure someone in need is going to try to do anything to fix his/her life, I just need to be more patient around people.	friends becomes others when they are in need of a help :/ feeling tired bad helpless :|
208	There are times when I feel like I want to die, because I feel depressed and tired, but I'll look for help and be okay.	neutralizing
209	When you're in the worst mood sweet person just comes along happy tears	when you're in the worst moods d= and then a sweet person just comes along omg happytears
210	Last day of school has a history test but I'm sure this will make me more knowledgeable for next year.	I get to celebrate the last day of school by doing a history test.
211	I can't understand what the pets did against renters. Why do most aren't pet-friendly?	finding a pet friendly house is hard.
212	My better half is sick today, and I'm not going to see her for the whole weekend, but at least we have Monday to look forward to.	I'm going to see my better half for the whole weekend.
213	My car broke on Christmas Dayfinding, but I bet I can do all the shopping and be home in time to be with my family.	Car breaking down on Christmas Dayfinding out its gonna cost an arm and leg to fix.2012 can kiss my grits!
214	It is Monday and I have not had much sleep, but I am grateful that I don’t have much work today.	I'm thankful that I have a job and a place to sleep
215	I need to concentrate and put more effort into completing this assignment.	I can't deal with this stupid assignment these things need to be made out in plain English
216	I hope 2017 brings with it better luck for me.	I'm happy that 2017 is here and I feel like I already want to let everything go
217	I will be there for him and not leave his side.	Hey &, please find and get him help. Autistic and & contemplating suicide. Has ranted 4 awhile.
218	I have been having nightmares about my spanish exams but it's normal for anyone to have anxiety before exams, and I know everything will go alright.	I'm starting to have dreams about my Spanish controlled assessment and how I'm gunna pass anxietytothenextlevel
219	Only two more weeks of studies and tests I will be free, I just need to focus on now :)	I'm going to be studying a lot this week and next.
220	The good thing about not having school today is that I can focus on my psychology work and turn it in on time tomorrow.	I'm doing my psychology paper in my bed because I don't have school today
221	The day is not good, but I know that when I pray and thank God everything will be better.	I am going to have a lot of stuff to pray on when I get home
222	In tense situations like now we want less stress from bad behavior of our superiors rather than counselling they provide, they should be lenient and allow open book exams for they do not make us any sens.	in the situation of anxiety and depression we want less stress from the unreasonable behavior of our superiors rather than providing any counselling please be lenient why to take such exams which are open book that doesn't make any sens
223	I have to go to a new school and not see my bestfriend any more, but at least I can meet some new friends	i'm not ready for a new school but it's well needed
224	I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and I hope somebody will help me find it.	I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and I see it on my account
225	I know that I'm able to learn math if I take the time to study and commit to it.	I wish my math teacher would actually teach it.
226	I hope my transmission holds two trips to KC	I'm not sure if my transmission will hold for one trip to KC, but I'm sure it will hold for two.
227	There is a fussy boy on this bus ride to Merthyr.	I will never take my child on a bus to Merthyr agin!! Got 1 naughty nagging hyper little boy
228	Going to see my friend and catch up! I'm so excited!	I'm going to catch up with Towie this afternoon! I fell asleep last night because I was overtired.
229	Very stressed out right now; got to make a big change for sanity.	Something's has to give somewhere along the lines, before I snap and go crazy.
230	Now I have difficulty making things right but with enought effort I will be able to do it.	I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not loud enough.
231	You will have to make a choice between going to Memphis or staying at D-State, Make the best you can.	Go ahead and go to memphis or stay at d-state and coach for halls this fall?
232	Hopefully I can see a doctor I think I have a stomach ulcer but it should get fixed up soon.	I'm so sick. I think I'm getting an ulcer.
233	Even though I've been on hold trying to get in contact with a human, I'm just thankful I have a number to call to change my situation.	for the small things in life
234	Thankful that I can keep myself together even when I'm so busy.	I'm so thankful for my friends and family.
235	I'm glad I took exams to find out soon how to treat my shoulder	I'm thankful that I have a break from exams for a few days
236	Hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke hope this situation change.	juggling 20 credit hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke. i am thankful for my friends and family who help me out
237	I'm in a panic now but I just need to do some relaxation techniques and I'll be feeling better soon.	I so hate this sucky panic feeling it makes my heart sick.
238	The service from car hire could use some improvement, or they may lose out on custom.	i will never use them again. the service was awful and incredibly unreliable.
239	Even though I'm stressed about school, I'm just glad that I have the means to keep moving forward to succeed with it.	for the good things in the author's life
240	Sometimes I really need to rest from my life, so I can continue it later.	I am just so tired of how my life is working out right now. I thought I could do it but my patience is already at its limits.
241	I hate English, but if I study hard I will get better.	I hate English so much, I can't study it and I'm not prepared for the exam tomorrow, I actually want to cry
242	I'm going to go through these next 10 days and relax a bit once I'm done!	I'm going to be ok if I can just make it through the next 10 days.
243	Even thought I'm stuck at work I'm pretty sure that once I get home I will be sleeping like a baby!	I was corrected and I was able to be home for 24 hours.
244	It has been very stressful lately, but there are plenty of things in my life to be thankful for.	I'm so thankful for my family and friends.
245	I want my kids to take their cell phone to school because it is a great study tool	Is it completely wrong of me to want my kids to take their cell phones to school?? No!
246	I want to be left alone for a bit then I’ll be excited to socialise again.	I'm not in the mood for shit, please kindly fuck off the other direction
247	Waiting for my son to get home from Dubai! Hope he's doing alright!	Waiting for my son to get home from Dubai and I hope it's not too long a wait
248	Going to bed at half 8, so that I am rested for my assessor's visit tomorrow. I'm sure I'll do fine!	Going to bed at half 8, so that I am rested for my Assessor's Visit tomorrow
249	Waiting for the train can be boring but it will come at some time at least.	An hour wait for the train, may as well have a cheeky vodka n lemonade in wethers
250	Im so lucky to have such a nice boyfriend, I can’t wait for all the cuddles I will have later.	waiting for Jasey to get me. I need some serious therapeutic cuddles cuddles boyfriend
251	I'm glad I get a chance to relax and unwind for a day.	I'm so happy to be alive and healthy today.
252	The next door neighbors need to be more courteous as they are too noisy. It would be even better if they move out.	the new next door neighbours are driving me crazy already, wish they would be quieter
253	I don’t feel good when my eczema goes to the extreme as a result of stress.	I am stressed out and my arms and legs get really red and my eczema breaks out to an extreme.
254	I hope I have fun at the party tonight. I have been looking forward to it for a long time.	I hope they let me pay extra to get into KOD for party, I need to get out and have fun
255	I'm feeling very tired this evening, looking forward to some relaxation afterwards.	I am tired and grumpy at everything I see.
256	The hard times for me are teaching me that I shouldn’t depend on anyone to be happy.	I'm having a bad day and I can't text the person who makes everything better.
257	I slept a little this week, I need to rest more to be able to be full of energy next week.	growth
258	Christmas is a great time of the year, and it makes the children happy so the work is worth it.	i am so thankful that christmas is coming soon.
259	I'm glad that I'm financially savvy so that I don't have to worry about money.	everything revolves around money, but it's not all bad
260	All I ‘ve got is a headache because of all the crying. But I wish to pull myself together and seek happiness in the company of my friends.	I'm done with all this crying && I'm wasting toilet paper,, getting myself together
261	I haven't been to school in 2 weeks, really happy and thankfull to be able to come back tomorrow	I haven't been to school in 2 weeks, tomorrows going to be rough. school track acro.
262	Being a fan is a stressful thing; the benefits are great, though.	Being a fan and a fan may be the most stressful thing Ill ever have to deal with
263	I am too stressed at the moment I should take some time to myself then I know my skin will improve.	my skin has never been great, but it has never been this good either :)
264	I have a lot of things to do, but I'm going to learn a lot from managing multiple jobs at once, I can do this.	I'm trying to organize handing over the accounts in my current flat, moving into my new flat, desperately trying to finish up a project in the lab, applying for an extension for my funding AND having to look into getting a visa.
265	Teachers ought to be more reasonable towards students while giving assignments and setting deadlines for completion.	I don't think all the teachers had a group meeting and decided to set 1000 essays this week.
266	It is always good to start the day with a steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea.	Are you as tired as we are? A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes
267	I can't believe this is happening to me again, I have to control myself and move on.	i'm so stressed. i just had a nice little cry sesh. time to pick myself up and start again!
268	My teacher did assign a lot of homework, but it will give me the opportunity to learn more and be ready for any pop quizzes!	I felt like my teacher was piling so much homeworkit was unbelievable :')
269	Even though II am not sure how to arrange my kitchen at least I have a nice kitchen and I am thankful of that.	i am thankful that i have a kitchen to cook in
270	Nex time I'll close the windows, so that doesn't happen again	moths and daddy long legs are good for the environment
271	I need to learn how to relax and control myself! Everything happens for a reason!	I hate being pissed off need to go home to see mother Theresa and the father
272	The last thing I want to be and do is waste of time	I'm a few steps away fr the dump trucks, but I'm not wasting my time
273	I need to buckle down and finish my homework.	I wish I didn't have to keep worrying about this homework and what I've done and what I haven't done. I'm tired and done.
274	I am glad to work again in my hometown school.	Transfer to a hometown school : My year long Fighting continues against HM, MC and seniors' conspiracy! :)
275	Meeting with a prof today who didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. Time to learn not to bother much about the outcome of such meetings.	I'm meeting with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet.
276	My head hurts a little, but I am so dedicated to this project that I just can't stop	I'm sorry I haven't been replying to you lately, but I'm working hard on my uniwork.
277	My phone's going crazy. I have many friends calling me.	I'm making big moves in a short period of time.
278	Although I feel insecure about the future, and covid fatigue has taken a toll on me, I'll do my best to get through these hard times	I've hit this wall and I can't get past it. I don't know if it's covid fatigue or just not knowing what's coming next. Feels like I'm hanging on by a thread.
279	I think I will feel so much better after I have eaten as I feel really rough at the moment.	I don't feel good, pissed, upset and didn't eat nothing all day and about to go to bed sick about tofuckabitchup
280	I can't wait for Sunday so that I can enjoy a day of peace and quiet at home.	I've been busy this week, but it's all worth it in the end.
281	I'm really stressed right now, and feel like I'm about to burst, but I keep telling myself this stress won't last forever.	I'm so stressed I can't even think straight. I just want to chill.
282	After I spend time alone I will feel better.	I AM NOT GOOD FOR ANYONE NOT EVEN MYSELF
283	Waiting for my internet to speed up. #retro	My painfully slow broadband is now stopping me from doing any work. I'm grateful that I have the time to do it.
284	I need to focus on what's important and stop thinking about that person all the time.	I don't wonder about you running through my head constantly when I sleep
285	I need to figure out ways to make my life easy and carefree.	life isn't always easy, but it is worth living
286	I'm going to choose better friends who give me the emotional attention I need.	I'm done trying to be in people's lives who don't even bother to me in mine.
287	I hope not to get gray hair before my state boards and getting a job by relieving my stress.	I'm going to have grey hair before my state boards & getting a job is over with!
288	Sometimes I appear mighty like the ocean but there are times like today when I feel like sinking in it. There are ups and downs in everyone’s life.	some days i feel like the ocean and some days i feel like im drowning in it today i feel like im downing overwhelmed
289	There could be better thing for my health.	I'm not feeling well, but I'm young and I'll get over it.
290	Didn't sleep very well, but my studies are very important to me so I'm going to study all day	I'm going to try to get some sleep tonight.
291	Time for me to start learning to drive, so I can get to work without anyone's help.	I'm tired and I have to work tomorrow.
292	I bought four new lipsticks and candy during lunch. I know I can do better than that.	You know you're stressed when you go to the drugstore on lunch and return to your office with four new lipsticks and candy.
293	Even though I work all day this summer, I'm just thankful to have a job.	I am thankful that I have a job that allows me to do things like go somewhere this summer.
294	I feel really rough at the moment but I’m sure I will be feel better soon.	I'm stressed, tired, and heart broken. Quit messing with me otherwise I'm just gonna get better.
295	I am very proud of myself, because even with sleep I do not fail to fulfill my responsibilities and do my homework.	I need to stay up and get hmwk done but I want to go to sleep
296	A double header in 4 and a half hours is a big challenge, and also an opportunity to improve my skills!	I'm sorry but a double header in 4 and a half hours is do-able!
297	I bet you're open for some positive criticism since your mobile site was changed. Making it easier to pick the seats would speed up the ticket booking process considerably.	It's a shame that you had to change your mobile site, but it's not the end of the world.
298	This project is taking longer than I expected, but it's because I am really trying to make it perfect	I'm so stressed about this project and my test tomorrow. I'm going to go to bed early tonight.
299	I'm glad I realize that I'm a bit too much right now and need to scale it back.	I'm at an 11 and I need to take it back down to at least a 4.
300	I hope someone would help me in my work to ease my tension.	I'm really mad right now. I wish I could work with everyone here.
301	I have to rethink before getting angry at other people	I'm sorry I took my anger out on you guys.
302	Whatever happens we should be happy.	It's clearly not a good day when my most used emojis are and frustrated sobusy
303	Even though I have a 6 am flight on Friday to JHB at least I will be at my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I will have something to enjoy before the trip.	I have a 6am flight to Jhb, plus I have my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I'm going to have a great time
304	Not caring too much anymore, can’t wait to get to the LQ store!	about to take this trip to the LQ store. I am not giving a flying fuck.
305	I worry too much about not losing my commitments. I thought I had slept a lot but I only slept 3 hours.	waking up in a panic thinking you've waaay overslept when you've only slept 3 hours.
306	I don't like driving for a living. It makes me tired and stressed. Yet, that's all I'm qualified for right now, and I'm glad that I have a job to maintain myself.	driving for a living is all I will ever be qualified for. It makes me tired and its boring as hell with spikes of major stress. Yet that is all I will ever be qualified for.
307	Although I have not completed all things that I planned to get done over the holiday, I am sure that I will finish them soon.	I failed to get a lot done over this holiday, but I'm still thankful for the time off
308	I hope I get home early and have a good night's sleep and rest today after the day I have had.	I'm tired from working 18 hours today.
309	Why does my mom have to be sick she can't get better it makes me upset.	I am grateful for my mom's health and the health of my family.
310	Foxes are a pain to have as they eat cats and wildlife, but they are beautiful creatures, I will have to be careful with my cat.	foxes are a part of nature and if you can't control them, you can't control nature
311	My hair is going gray, but I wish to stop it with some good treatment.	I will have a lot of gray hair by the time I graduate
312	I need to learn that other's people problems don't affect me and shouldn't keep me awake at night.	when someone stresses you to the point you wake up and can't sleep is not good!! eyesstinging tired
313	I will be working hard on my rhetorical writing assignment which can only help me get better.	I have an essay due for rhetorical writing, which if you know me well you know I have no idea what Im doing when it comes to essay writing.
314	I need time alone to relieve my mind of this stress.	I just wanna go somewhere.. cry and scream and let everything out.. "I'm tired" has been more easier to say lately
315	I must complete my works soon so that I can take rest.	I wish I could function with no sleep. I have so much school work to do this weekend. Too bad I can't pull off all nighters.
316	Relaxing in the typical white girl bubble bath photo opt longhairdontcare sorelaxing muchneeded whiteg	My rendition of the typical white girl bubble bath photo opt longhairdontcare stressed muchneeded whiteg
317	Even though it is expensive, I cannot help but change this fuel pump, it is very important that everything works correctly.	It will cost 500 bucks for a new fuel pump plus the money for labor.
318	I found that science test really hard although I might have passed still.	I'm pretty sure I failed my science test today.
319	There are 6 difficult things to do today that I can very well accomplish in 4 consecutive days of my schedule.	I have a lot of work to do today, but it will be worth it in the end.
320	A few friends and I are going to go out for some drinks tonight to celebrate being finished with the week.	I'm not one to say this but after the day I've had, I could use a few drinks.
321	I have to accept the fact that I have a hard time dealing with too many things at once.	Time management and dealing with a million things at once is clearly my thing
322	Fortunately I will be able to rest in bed in a decent time	I can start going to bed at a decent hour.
323	I usually dress very well for the mock trial and I hope to look very good this time unlike other times.	we dress out best but ending up looking our best.
324	Reading thru my interview guide and knowin its a week away is makin me nervous! Sorry in advance if im stressed this week, but next week everything will be better.	I'm nervous about my interview next week.
325	Feeling a little stressed over all the things I have to do, but once I finish it all I will feel fine again	I'm so stressed out right now. I can't wait to get this stuff done.
326	I will be happy after I make it through the next week and a half.	I will be the happiest girl on the planet if I make it through the next week and a half.
327	This loneliness that I'm feeling is just temporary. I will make more friends and go out more!	I feel so alone..no one understands what I'm going through or what's on my mind :(
328	I don't know how to start my essay, but I'm so thankful I have until January to figure it out!	for having the time to work on the essay
329	Once exams are over I will get to enjoy so much time with my friends!	i have an exam in less than 2 weeks.
330	Studying for the last exam is quite tough but the thought of vacation excites me.	I'm finding it so hard to study for my last exam.
331	I may be bored but at least I have my wits about me.	i'm not bored jud :'((( i am idk basta uggghhhhhhhhh BV BV BV BV buntagae maybe!? idk ugh
332	After one month I get attacks in my sleep I think I have to consult the doctor	I haven't had an attack in months, but now they are starting back up.
333	Funny dream last night where I won a race but was dq'ed for custom shoes. Looks like I need to get more into fashion	I dreamt last night I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes?!
334	It's very exhausting to find a wedding venue on short notice and with limited budget, but I'm sure if we hang on we'll find the right place.	I am trying to find a wedding venue. I am trying to do this in 6 months and on a budget.
335	Learning to manage anger at work is always challenging!	I'm going to go play softball with my friends.
336	this Christmas not going over to my family's. #adulting	I don't want Christmas to be here, since the fact my dads gonna go apeshit when I don't come over
337	Because of the social distancing is hard to find a job but working at McDonalds is possible to at least I will have a job.	I will survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work! Bout to get a job at McDonalds because at least they are open!!
338	Even though my bill is past due, I have enough money coming in where I'll be able to cover it, thankfully!	I am thankful that my family is healthy and I have a job.
339	Everyone is getting on my nerves, but they are individuals and need to be themselves.	paul is annoying me, karl is scaring me, dev is irritating and kirsty is creeping me out
340	I've been up since 5am, and I'm still late for work. The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful, but unexpected things happen, and it's okay.	I've been up since 5am and I'm still late for work.! The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful!
341	Paying for my daughter's college is a difficult task, but I'm grateful to have a daughter who wants to study	I am so thankful that my daughter will be able to attend college.
342	I cannot wait to be done with my exams and start my summer vacations.	Is it bad that in cramming two exams writhing less then a week of each other because of summer vacation?
343	Sometimes privacy violations give me the opportunity to create a new account that’s safer for me.	I am grateful that I can no longer access my account.
344	Anatomy is really difficult, but the qualification will be worth it	Anatomy is a lot of work, but it's worth it in the end
345	Moving a house is something that I don’t like, but the thought of a new house excites me.	I hate moving house! 4 voicemails and 6 missed calls and it's not even lunch time!
346	Even though I have sleep paralysis, I'm just thankful to get at least some sleep.	I am thankful that I have a bed to sleep in.
347	I should take it a bit easier so that I can enjoy the match with this beer instead of feeling like being drunk after 2 knackers.	I drank a beer after the week I had
348	I just want to enjoy this moment, tomorrow will be a new day, I hope the payment will fall into my account, because Christmas is coming.	eve
349	It's time for me to get organized.	I'm leaving tomorrow morning for five days and not a single thing is packed and the house is a mess.
350	Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! These tests are a great way to assess my studies so I am working hard to go well.	I have a midterm in Anatomy on Thursday. I'm glad I have a break after Christmas.
351	People would think I am going through puberty because of the spots on my chin. I wish to get my face cleared very soon.	I'm not 13 again, but I'm going through puberty again and I have a lot of spots on my chin.
352	I hope you will be blessed instead of stressed.	GM, people don't hate what they aren't threatened by. Have a BLESSED one and not a STRESSED one.
353	I have too much work to do from school, but I know these assignments are important for my education	I got home and started crying at the amount of work you assigned. Not to mention wolf connection and basketball.
354	I hope people just understand me and stop fighting with me.	i am tired of people picking fights with me, not accepting my apologies, and then telling me i need to apologize
355	I hope I have better luck in my job search so that I am successful in finding a job soon.	I'm broke and Stressed.Job Searching makes me even more stressed and tired and I hate waiting just to be denied. collegestudent
356	My life seems to be a bit confusing now. I wish I could take a break.	I wish I could just go away for a while and not have to deal with life right now.
357	This timed essay for tomorrow is not a big issue, but I hope not to fail in the prelim anyway.	I can't be bothered with this timed essay tomorrow, but I'm going to pass this prelim anyway
358	Great to enjoy a week vacation before returning to work	It's great to be back at work after a week vacation.
359	If I make an effort to work on my interpersonal skills, I'll be able to communicate better and more clearly with a variety of people, which will help me connect with others.	I don't understand how I can be this clear and still have you wondering.
360	It’s not good when your doctor calls you to come see him after some test results come in, but you can always hope for the best.	It's a good sign when your doctor calls you to come see him after some test results come in.
361	Moving is going to be amazing the packing will be worth it.	I'm so tired from pulling two all nighters to finish packing to move.
362	I'm pretty sure that I will find a way to work in this essay with ease!	I don't know what the heck that even means, but I can write a 5 paragraph essay about it
363	I love my work so much I dread having to take a day off.	I am thankful that I have a job that allows me to take days off when I need to
364	I feel the world on my shoulders right now, but I know it's only going tobe for a short while	I feel like I have the weight of the world on my shoulders and I'm gonna collapse
365	I'm nervous during this OT, but I'm so thrilled the Isles are still in this game!	I'm thankful I didn't drink too much.
366	Being stressed with shopping during Christmas is alright since I am glad I have money to shop.	Hopefully last of the Xmas shopping today, most organised weve ever been Christmas shopping stressed get back then ps4 time
367	I'm not really a fan of today. Hopefully my rehearsal will cheer me up, and I'll feel better!	I'm not really a fan of today. Hopefully my rehearsal will cheer me up!
368	My kids provide me inspiration to go forward in life with more motivation and enthusiasm.	I just wanna give upbut then I look at my kids and go harder!!
369	I'm tired, but I can't wait for a spa day.  I'm so excited to just take a break!	I need a spa day. I need to start looking for deals. A massage and facial is much needed.
370	Taking a girl's day because I've been working so hard this semester. #FriendsWelcome	I'm so stressed out about this whole semester. I wish I could have a girls day with you.
371	So much to do! How can I be behind on my work like this? Need to learn to say no.	I have a lot of work to do, but I'm not behind on any of it.
372	I’ve had a migraine, only 6 hours sleep and not eaten in the 45 hours. I hope to feel good after a nice meal and a nap.	I'm tired because I haven't slept in 3 days. I haven't eaten in 3 days. I have a migraine.
373	Being a server is a really hard job but I'm very driven to keep at it.	I feel like its a problem if after work I feel better then I did before.
374	The fact that I'm a junior and I still don't know what I want to major in is scary. But I still have time to figure it out and try new things.	I'm a junior and I still don't know what I wanna major in, but I'm working on it.
375	I follow the correct rules in my life, so my parents give freedom in my life	i don't have a curfew and i come home before the time i say and i get yelled at saying that i was late. thanks parents
376	I am glad she ate it because I didn’t want it!	for the small things
377	Keep studying and trying hard, and I'm sure you will do well on your test.	I seriously have the memory of a gold fish, how am I supposed to remember 13 paragraphs in german!?
378	It's really exciting that you can see the knots in my shoulders!	the knots in my shoulders are a good sign that i'm working hard
379	Even though I have to stay up late packing, I'm just thankful that I get to take this trip.	it's a beautiful day and i'm going on a trip
380	It might be hard, but im going to get through it!	I'm not in the mood, but I'm going to try and get through it.
381	Only a few more days until I'm finished my research paper.	for having the resources to complete the assignment
382	can someone pls take me somewhere where I can scream for a about a day and relax?	I need to scream for about a day
383	I need to go to tutoring or something so that my next essay will be much better than this one.	I don't want to hand it in tomorrow because it's so bad
384	I have lost such a large amount of weight, I’m really proud of myself.	I have lost a stone within the last month?! That's great!! My 14 year old sister weighs more than me?! Is this real?
385	I should save money for future.	I have to save so much money between now and may. That's going to be so easy with my bills in the way.
386	Only 2 weeks left of school and there is just a lot of assignments to do. I hope I can finish it on time.	There is only 2 weeks left of school and I have a lot of assignments to do.
387	I cannot wait to be done with my work today so that I can go home and get a good night's sleep.	working 16 hours almost every day for 2 weeks is not going to be fun but it will be over soon
388	The weather is changing, I think I'll wear sunglasses.	Wearing sunglasses even though its not that sunny just so I can cover my face disgrace tired
389	Unfortunately I took the wrong train. I need to be somewhere now. I need to get more attention next time.	I'm late for work. I'm going to be late for work.
390	It would have been better if I had started this American history project a long time ago.	I'm starting to think I should of started this american history project a long time ago.
391	If I can get my work done, I'll have all my time to myself.	I have a lot of work to do, but it will be over soon
392	I learned not to trust anyone and it's amazing how liberating it was for me!	l don't know where to start from nor a person to talk to coz l just cnt trust any1
393	I need to quickly check and evaluate where I am spending my money and keep a track of all my spendings.	i keep track of all my spending and im concerned im like..? a significant amount off.???? and im very confused and idk where that money is..? bc i literally???? keep track of EVETYTHING.?
394	Even when times are difficult and frustrating, I value my strength to stay here and accept these challenges.	I wish I could live somewhere else but I love where I live
395	Not performing well when stressed is normal but performance can go back to normal when not stressed.	some people lose sleep when stressed. lost eyelashes. i try 2 manage it w/purposeful underachievement
396	My post secondary program has a lot of tests worth a lot of the grade, but I think I'll do well on them.	I am jealous of the people in post secondary who don't write at least 1 test worth 15-20% a week.
397	Everything going well this weekend, I'm going to have a lot of fun at the party.	I want to go to a party this weekend and have lots of fun.
398	Finally, done moving! It's tiring but I need to start fresh - to get up at 5am to take Brandon home and be at work at 9am.	I'm finally done moving. I'm exhausted, but I need to sleep. I have to get up at 5am to take Brandon home and be at work at 9.
399	Spent the evening teaching my parents how to use Skype, Google hangout, unplug a Roku, inputs on the tv, and Netflix.  So thankful they will be able to do it themselves now.	I was able to teach my parents how to use technology.
400	Didn't fully finish my essay but I am too sleepy. Time to learn how to not procrastinate.	I will never procrastinate on my homework again. I didn't even finish my essay but I am too sleepy.
401	I'm grateful to at least go to college, which few people can.	i want to go to sccc but i dont have the money
402	You can either be miserable or you can motivate yourself. But you can always make the best choice.	Mind 101 - Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice ego mindhealth
403	I sure do have a lot of challenging coursework to learn from this semester.	I'm tired and not sleeping properly. I feel like telling my teachers to keep piling on the coursework and I'll be buried under it.
404	Today is not a very good day, but I know that a simple hug and a friendly word and everything will be fine.	I just need a 2 hour long hug and for someone to tell me it's all gonna be great
405	Even though it broke, I'm lucky that I have customer support to help me fix what's wrong.	Everything is breaking, and I don't want to have to call IT Support again!
406	I have a speech and history paper due which I have’nt started yet, but hope to finish on time.	I have a speech and history paper due next week and I'm already starting on it
407	So stressed about how much work I need to do, on other the hand I'm thankful for having a job in these difficult times.	I have a lot of work to do, but I'm thankful that I have a job
408	I am learning about setting limits with others.	It's hard not to be selfless. I'm trying to help others but it seems like it's paying off.
409	I’m sure I will be okay tomorow.	I want to get through tomorrow without having a mental or emotional breakdown
410	Sometimes you just gotta let yourself feel what you feel	It's one of those times when it is not acceptable to cry, but that's all I want to do is laugh
411	Sharing time with my brother is valuable, even if we’re just quiet.	Me and my brother are sitting in a room of silence rn bc he can't handle watching the bama game hahahah
412	I am not able to sleep as I have changed my major. I hope I have made the right decision.	I'm so tired, but I can't sleep. I'm thinking about college, and I changed my major. I don't know what to do.
413	I am so lucky for the interview I have tomorow I know I will ace it.	I have an interview tomorrow that will decide my life for the next year at least, and it's my daughter's birthday.
414	Focus on your positives, you are capable and worth it! Keep improving a living a healthy life!	Focus on othersgive a compliment or word of encouragement, it will lift your spirit, too! gethealthy
415	I have had an entire week of school so at least I get a break away from it even if I have things to do.	I'm so glad I don't have to go to school this weekend.
416	Whenever I am stressed my mom makes me cookies which is nice.	my mom is making cookies to calm me down because i am stressed at work
417	Just a few more things to finish, and I'll finally be home	I can't wait to get my last few things done with finals week and be home.
418	I got a great sleep last night, and I'm ready for this week!	I didn't get any sleep last night and I'm tired. I hope this week goes well.
419	When I’m done with my work, I will feel so accomplished!	I have a lot of work to do, but I'm confident I can get it done
420	I've been having finals nightmares the last couple of days. But soon this week will be over, and my sleep will be peaceful again!	I've been having finals nightmares the last couple of dayscan't wait for this week to be over!
421	There may be lots of traffic but I'm just glad to have a job to go to.	I hate working in a traffic office when it's coming up to bank holiday toobusy and it's also roasting in here
422	I'm tired and cold, but I'm determined to finish this paper.	I am tempted to see if tears will sway its determination ugh cold sleepy
423	I hope my classes don't close by 8.30 a.m tomorrow morning.	I'm excited to see how many of my classes are closed by 8:30 tomorrow morning
424	I put my shorts on backwards and the wrong key in the ignition, but I know I can at least make the rest of the day better.	You know it's going to be a great day when you put your shorts on backwards and the right key in the ignition.
425	I realized that I just ate 3 servings of sour gummy worms and salt and vinegar chips and that I can actually nourish my body with a better diet than that .	I ate 3 servings of sour gummy worms and salt and vinegar chips. I must be dead week again.
426	I am stressed before the trip but at least I will have a trip which is nice.	I'm nervous about my trip, but I know it will be great.
427	I admire my ability to think things through when I'm about to sleep, this next week I'm going to do that a lot.	I've got so much to think about within the next week and a half.. I'll just sleep on it and it will all come to me.
428	Someone will be there to comfort me when I need it the most.	I want someone to come over with a big bag of peanut butter M&Ms.
429	My acne problem I can fix once I find better alternatives than toothpaste.	Getting so desperate to clear up acne over night, that you rub toothpaste all over your face and it works
430	It is normal for people to feel like punching someone in the face so it's alright for me to feel the same since humans are agressive.	I have this urge to punch someone in the face, but it will pass
431	Adding disk to a SQLfailover cluster has gone wrong and I hope to set it right soon.	I'm having a bad day because I can't figure out why my sql failover cluster isn't working.
432	I'm ready for the test to be over, and I'll be on Christmas break. Only 2 more days, and I'll be free!	Tired just ready for test and be over and be on Christmas Break only 2 more day ThankGoodness
433	I hope I will settle into this school routine soon.	I'm so happy to be back in school.
434	I tend to get very emotional when I have major things happening, like my psychology exam tomorrow. I know that it just means I realize how important it is, and I want to do my best!	I can't study for my psychology exam tomorrow when I can't stop crying.
435	It's good to be on a holiday right before my finals, It's going to help me relax and to get to the exams with my head on the right place	I am exhausted from studying for finals.
436	I just have to clear off half a day in my schedule to sort out my Christmas stuff. I hope to do it this afternoon.	I need to get my christmas stuff together but I don't have time
437	Next time, I'll study enough to know the entire content of the exam	I knew half the material that was on this exam
438	Going through some tough stuff with the prom coming up, but I know I'll look back on it one day and be glad I went!	I already have a dress for prom, so I'm not stressed about it.
439	I've been learning a lot of things about life and myself lately. I can not wait to see what good life brings	life is hard but i will make it
440	Been feeling quite the past few days have to discover.	i am very stressed out and worried about if everything will come together as i hope
441	I can't wait for this day to finish so that I can go to my dad's place.	I'm having a bad day at work, but I'm thankful I have a job.
442	Well, just think by the end of next week we'll be all done with the midterms!	I just went back to school today and I'm already stressed because we have midterms next week and this weekend is jam packed.
443	This week seems to have come fast.	just realised word of the week didn't last long. last week was, this week is already
444	Underwear and shoe shopping are boring for me, but I am glad to be out in the sun.	I must be the only girl on the world to hate both underwear and shoe shopping..
445	Even though things may be different for other people, I know that it ok.	I guess I'll roll on tonight with the other half cantbebothered
446	Figuring out a career that you want to pursue after highschool is a big challenge, but we should be grateful for the opportunity to do anything we want with our lives	figuring out a career that you want to pursue after highschool is probably the most important thing
447	I had to finish everything early, and it didn't work out very well. The good thing is that now I can at least rest and keep trying later.	when you need to finish early everything goes wrong but you should of stayed in bed
448	College is hard but the positive side of college is much better than the negative side.	I wish I could fast forward through college and get to the part where I'm a successful business owner.
449	Next two weeks will be so busy, It will help me think about other things	I have so much to do in the next two weeks. Busy Work School SeniorStuff ACT Prom
450	I will take a really amazing nap and wake up feeling better.	i'm so happy it's summer break. i'm tired of school. i'm ready to graduate.
451	Next month will be stressful, but then I'll be home free	I'm going to try to relax and enjoy the month.
452	I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university. Time to learn to be more organized.	I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university.
453	I just got home very tired but good it was a productive day, and now I can rest.	I just got home and I'm already stressed out. I'm going to take a shower and relax.
454	Whenever I don't do work, it makes me feel like I'm going to fail my exams just because I'm watching YouTube. But I'm smart, and I know I'll do well on my exams.	I'm gonna fail my exams just cos I'm watching YouTube
455	I have become an expert at planning my week down to the minute. I am so thankful I have a planner.  Without it, I have NO IDEA what my overscheduled life would be like.	I plan my week down to the minute. I have no idea what my life would be like without my planner.
456	Even though it's hard choosing paint, I'm positive I will find a shade I like.	I HATE choosing paint!! Yes HATE! I have 8 shades of grey paint on my walls and I can't Decide!!!!!
457	I will have more energy to get up after a cofee!	I can sit here on my bed for a half hour but not work up the willpower to get up and get going
458	I just watched officerDowne and BuscadoUnSeuo but I only have acces to a part of the movie, at least its better then nothing.	I'm still in FanLove mode real heavy actually watched officerDowne then found BuscadoUnSeuo but someone only uploaded 48 minutes of the movie where is the rest getting to the good stuff and it's over
459	I love having thick hair even if it takes extra work.	I love my thick head of hair
460	I thought this continuous firing would slow down work, but I am thankful that it hasn’t happened.	I'm thankful that I have a job.
461	Softball gave me the chance to prove to everyone that I am a great sportsman!!	when softball starts up and i get that first pitch i'm swinging and it's going to be a home run
462	Achievement alert ! I can now do range and domain questions. Am very proud of myself.	I can finally do range and domain questions.
463	It may be a confusing time, but I know that I can remain calm in the storm.	Its like Friday righ now with the stock market like wtf is going on Lmaoo
464	Despite being sick, the day of the test has finally arrived, I hope I do well!	I'm sick, but I have to take the AP Exam today.
465	There may be a few classes that havent been filled if not I can ask if theres any extra places	I don't even wanna look at the class registration because I know all my classes will be available
466	Today's game was so intense, I had a great time, everyone gave their all!	I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels old
467	I get a new opportunity to achieve my goals, even If I fail again, I won't let that affect me, and keep improving!	I won't have it done! I skipped a bullet then will go back to it I haven't a hope is an understatement :( gonna laugh
468	The week will be over soon. I will make it through.	I'm going to make it through this week without having a mental breakdown.
469	We should be always optimistic.	ff hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less ;-) off to snowdonia next week with
470	Studying for all these tests and finals and still wanting to go to a concert	I'm going to study for all of this, and then go to a concert before it all starts.
471	I've been feeling really down lately, I'm going to get help to get over this sickness.	i am sick and it is getting harder to stay strong
472	Roasting chicken with rosemary and garlic, and it's almost done. Can not wait.	I'm roasting rosemary garlic chicken, but the oven has been in the off position for the past hour.
473	Ive learnt a lot throughout my life so hopefully I can use it to get where I want to be.	I'm getting older, but I'm not where I want to be, but I'm working on it
474	The days at work, after Christmas, can be hard, but I am thankful for my job.	I'm thankful that I have a job.
475	I need to finish my appointments, so I can go to Manchester	I'm stuck in racking my brains with this assignment, but I got asked to go to Manchester.
476	Im so fortunate to be teaching even if I am being tested a lot.	no one can fully prepare you for a semester long test
477	I would love to be done with this week so that I can have a fresh start next week.	Today was pretty crazy, but the rest of my week is going to be calmer.
478	I feel like college is confusing and stressful. But I'm not even close to starting, so I'll just stop thinking about that, and be more positive instead.	College is a lot of work, but it's worth it in the end
479	I am feeling stressed, Im going to look for someone I can reach out to	I have a lot of friends to talk to about my problems
480	Taken 2 and a half hour to get home from work. In all the way I can enjoy the view.	It's taken me 2 and a half hours to get home from work so far! Then I got to go back into the traffic and drive to Brighton
481	I have a busy day tomorrow its a shame this sunday wasn’t what I wanted, theres always next week.	I wish this Sunday could have been A LOT better. I'm also not looking forward to driving to SF tomorrow. Sad Yup
482	Even though I can't go out with my friends, I'm free from my homework.	I just wanted to hangout with my bestfriend today but all I did was homework happy
483	I hope my dad starts to give proper instructions while driving.	My dad is a great teacher, he knows how to give proper instructions
484	Pharmacy is not a good job. Though this does not seem to be the right job for me, I’ll stick to it for some more time.	pharmacy is a great job. I'm glad I got it.
485	I hope I get a good night's sleep after I am done with my midterm.	I went to bed at 12:30, woke up at 5:30, and have a mid term in an hour.
486	They may have another chance to perform a self-implosion.	i'm disappointed, but i'm not going to let it get to me
487	I love softball even tho it is not a fast paced sport.	practice
488	I will be so happy once this project is over.	I can't believe I have to meet my group at 8 tonight because this project is due tomorrow and I'm already on time
489	Sorting through my closet is hard work, but I know when I'm done I will feel lighter and will love having a tidy closet where I can find things again.	I'm grateful that I have a closet to store all my clothes in
490	I wish I could find a job for summer soon and a place to live so that I could focus better on school work.	I can focus on schoolwork when I find a job for the summer and somewhere to live
491	My friend gifted me a Chromebook to use for conventions since my old laptop died. Now I'm working on how to get my panels to work on it.	TMW your friend gifts you a Chromebook to use for conventions since your old laptop died, and you can't figure out how to get your panels to work on it.
492	So much going on in this little head of mine, I'm trying to understand myself!	so much going on in this little head of mine confused anxious excited nervous not sure which one to feel
493	Even though my skin isn't the best, I'm glad that I have great products that can keep the problems away.	I'm thankful that I didn't break out all summer long.
494	Today might not be a good day because of the due work I have to finish for school but it's my birthday so that's good.	I hate that today is my birthday because It's the last week of classes and teachers are making everything due this week
495	Public transport is a nightmare but I am proud of myself for sticking with it.	public transport is a joke sometimes but it gets me to work
496	It’s time to study hard to pass this subject to graduate once and for all.	I just had to fail the only subject that could add a year on to my degree
497	May 23rd will be here before I know it and then I'm done with school!	i wish i could just wish my life away but i cant
498	I got my first final in an hour, and it's not that good. I still have to study for tomorrow, but soon Christmas break is coming, and I'll be free.	I have to study for my final in an hour.
499	I am sure I will get this job and will be asked to join this Monday.	I want this job so bad.
